It is true that, on certain points, ladies and gentlemen, some governments and the Commission have expressed reservations. It would be naïve to imagine that these extremely important political problems are not going to be dealt with by the Intergovernmental Conference, or that that Conference will simply rubberstamp what the Convention has done. Those people who maintain this position are naturally expressing an initial negotiating position because, otherwise, we would have to assume they have their heads in the clouds.
The report on financial education which will be put to the vote at tomorrow's plenary session is more important than ever. It is clear that the financial crisis we are now facing can be avoided if consumers are well informed of the risks that various types of credit entail. We can definitely say that if in the past we had concentrated more on the financial education of people, we would not be facing the present situation, or at least the crisis would not have assumed the proportions it has. For the sake of the future we must be sure that our children are given the opportunity to learn and to handle credit cards and loans properly everywhere in Europe. We have to concentrate on student mortgage loans and pension and investment funds. These financial products strongly affect the lives of consumers, which is why they must be taken into consideration. We must not forget that increasing numbers of young people are getting deep into debt without even suspecting what effect this will have on their lives.
We have spent many months working very closely on the texts of the report. We conducted a very interesting public discussion with representatives of European and US banks and financial institutions right on the eve of the crisis. Even then the problems had clearly come into focus, and the alarm was sounded. On the other hand, we were able to see the experience and good practice of financial education in countries which have traditions in this area and which are constantly working to improve it - the UK, France, Germany and elsewhere, and we heard the opinions of those who are taking their first steps in this field. I am pleased with the results of
rapporteur. - (DE) Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to start by expressing my gratitude to the representatives of the other groups - Mrs Cederschiöld, Mr Lambsdorff, Mrs Rühle - and also to the representatives of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs, who had a hand in the production of this report, for we were able to exchange views in a constructive and fair way, and managed, in any case, to achieve agreement on over 140 amendments in committee, so that there remain only 23 to be considered today or tomorrow, although it has to be said that compromises had to be reached in respect of them too.
What I have to say at the beginning of my speech I wish to address to them. What I want to say to the businessmen is that, despite all that we have heard, I want to make it clear that we in this House take it as self-evident that local authorities should engage in economic activity, and, indeed, that returning certain activities to them is reasonable and legitimate. What I would like to say to the local authorities is that invitations to tender, whether at the national or European level, do not absolutely have to be arbitrary, but offer the transparency that is needed to benefit the public and prevent corruption. I get the impression from the debate that their respective associations did not always see it that way.
Member of the Commission. - Let me first recall that Member States are, under Community law, largely free to design their direct tax systems in a way that best meets their domestic policy objectives and requirements. But in recent years they have reached common agreement on several measures proposed by the Commission that are designed to tackle the erosion of tax bases and investment allocation distortions. In doing so, Member States have acknowledged that EU-wide cooperation and fair tax competition rules are vital to protect revenues.
Firstly the communication identifies how good governance in the tax area could be improved within the European Union so as to reinforce the argument for other jurisdictions to follow. It calls on Member States to swiftly adopt Commission proposals for directives on administrative cooperation and mutual assistance in the recovery of taxes and savings taxation. Member States should also continue to give appropriate priority to eliminating harmful business tax regimes. More specifically, the Commission's proposal on administrative cooperation contains a provision according to which bank secrecy could no longer be invoked to 
Mr President, there is a blatant inaccuracy and, if you will, an injustice. Mr Howitt states that fellow-countrymen of his, lorry drivers, are being prevented from returning home - especially now as Christmas is approaching - by the tractors of farmers who, in their struggle for survival, have blocked off a number of roads. The truth is that whenever those drivers want to get by, they are let through, and not only this, but because there is some disturbance and difficulty about feeding them, special meals are prepared for them so that they can leave and return to their countries as calmly and quietly as possible.
Mr President, the Minutes make reference to the somewhat intemperate intervention by Mr Niall Andrews yesterday afternoon concerning the case of Miss McAliskey who is awaiting extradition to Germany, charged with complicity in a mortar attack in Osnabrück. Miss McAliskey is currently in an all-women prison - Holloway. She is pregnant and has received full medical check-ups. I can report to the House that her condition is reported to be excellent. She has received extremely good care and I absolutely reject the intemperate comments made by Mr Andrews in his intervention yesterday.
It needs to be refined because we have seen, in the brief time that discussion has been allowed on this, that there are different interests, all of which are absolutely legitimate, among the airlines, that there are companies waiting to replace others, where the first are unable to meet their commitments, that there are now distinct interests among airlines and airports, something that did not happen only a short time ago, and above all that there are the interests of passengers, most importantly those served by airports and airlines in the outermost regions, who would be at greater risk should the choice of retaining or abolishing slots depend solely on their profitability for the companies concerned.
ICES has now advised that fishing for these four stocks be closed down. This, of course, puts us in a massive dilemma. Can we justify basing our decision solely on ICES’ argument in favour of replenishing stocks, which would result in our having to prohibit not only fishing for cod, but also for a whole range of other fish, and, in due course, in thousands of fishermen facing oblivion? Or could we find a way out by improving our plans for stock recovery, so that, although stocks would recover more slowly and would also involve some elements of uncertainty, fewer fishermen would be forced to abandon their trade? This is certainly a difficult decision, but it is one we will have to take before we can adopt any kind of plan to replenish cod stocks.
The outline that we are debating today is a general one, and serves as a good basis for a cod stock recovery plan that would secure us the chance to revert to normal management conditions. It starts by identifying the lower limit below which scientists regard a stock as threatened with collapse. The plan contains formulae for calculating total allowable catches (TAC) on the basis of scientific estimates of current stocks. If the stock is larger than the lower limit, the TAC will be set in such a way that the stock can increase by 30% in the following year. It introduces lim
In setting out these principles that should underlie the reformed common agricultural policy, I have deliberately not gone into detail; that will come in later reports. But what I have developed is two main themes. Firstly, that the common agricultural policy needs to be simpler, fairer and more transparent and that, secondly, the culture of the common agricultural policy needs to change, that a future reformed common agricultural policy ought to be more outcome-driven and less burdened with excessive regulation.
Madam President, I would like to speak on a point of order. The Aftonbladet , a Swedish evening newspaper, of 9 January, had an article on its front page which contained three factual errors, two of which could be verified by Parliament. Seventeen Members of this Parliament from six different groups are accused of being involved in Mafia practices, in particular in the drugs Mafia in the European Union. Since a system and unit have been set up to act against such scandalous articles, I would like to ask whether the Swedish Information Bureau has produced a fiche d'alerte about this yet, and whether it has arrived at our unit in this Parliament yet, and what this will result in. Because it is clearly extremely damaging for this Parliament, and moreover complete nonsense that seventeen members are accused of playing a role in the drugs Mafia, and that they appear in the paper, with pictures and so on. I would like to know whether you, or the unit which was set up to deal with these things, will take action against it, and whether a fiche d'alerte has been issued.
Mr President, many of our colleagues want to vote in favour of the idea in the Green resolution not to make internet providers and telecom providers responsible for the content on the internet and so on, but many of those colleagues who want to vote in favour of the Green resolution do not like paragraph 15, which is related to another subject. In a spirit of Christmas compromise, we would like, in an oral amendment, to withdraw paragraph 15 from our resolution, in order to enable more people to vote for it.
After the international community, headed by the United States, had liberated Kuwait, Iraq agreed to a ceasefire involving a list of conditions aimed at ending the war over Kuwait. Iraq agreed, among other things, to give up all its weapons of mass destruction and long-range missiles. As soon as the UN is able to confirm that Iraq has complied with its obligations to destroy existing stocks of weapons of mass destruction and to stop developing new weapons of this kind, it will be possible to lift the sanctions.
(DE) Mr President, there are Members who have a problem with the central section, the part from 'points out that one' to 'domestic demand'. In agreement with Mr Caspary from the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats, I therefore suggest adding the words 'in some Member States' after 'European economy', and I hope that this will deal with the problems with the central section. I believe this could also be of assistance to the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe.
The Burmese government has promised a democratic transition in seven stages, ultimately leading up to elections. However, if these elections are held in keeping with a constitution drawn up by the army, as would appear to be the case, the only thing they will do will be to legitimise five decades of military regime and give the army 25% of the parliamentary seats. We call on the international community, including China, India and Russia, to continue to combine their efforts and exert pressure on the Burmese government, both so that it stops the serious human rights violations committed in this country and so that the democratic transition announced does not turn into a political farce.
Mr President, the announcement, in any country, of the first elections to be held for 20 years usually fills us with optimism. It awakens hope for the introduction of change and for democratisation. Unfortunately, probably not many of us, and not many of the residents of Burma, believe the elections which are to take place there at the end of this year will be democratic and honest, or will bring about real change. The Burmese regime is a problem we have struggled with for years. In our resolution, we condemn numerous violations of human rights and civil liberties, which are everyday events in Burma. We still do not know what to say to the people of Burma about how to end the regime's ruthless deeds. In my opinion, only joint action can bring results. Joint - whom do I have in mind? Who should take action? Neighbouring countries? The countries which have a lot of trade an
Mr President, yesterday, when Mr Cappato asked for information on whether a motion for a resolution signed by 10% of the Members of Parliament was going to be included in the agenda of the Conference of Presidents, Vice?President Schmid announced that a response would be given that afternoon. I would remind you that I started to refuse liquids as of 5 p.m. yesterday evening, having been on a hunger strike for 24 hours already, for precisely this reason: the motion for a resolution in question has already been withheld once from debate by the political body. I now hope that you will find the time to restore the dignity of the political body and allow it to do its job.
European Council Regulation No 3/2008, which combines in a single text regulations 2702/1999 and 2826/2000, has accommodated the European Commission's new political approaches on simplifying legislation, while also achieving the objective of facilitating administrative procedures within the European institutions. Based on this regulation, the Community can take information provision measures for a certain number of agricultural products on the internal market and on the markets of third countries, while also preserving the specific nature of the measures, according to the market in which they are implemented.
They do, however, obviously have risks. With regard to the report, on which I worked with the shadow rapporteurs from other political groups, whom I thank for their work, our intention was for users to have all the security and privacy that they want when using these new technologies. We have been looking at whether the legal framework covered all the possibilities opened up by these new applications, and currently it appears to do so, but what was decided was that there should be continuous evaluation. As these applications are being incorporated into the different aspects of our lives, they need to be evaluated in order to ensure that users really have their privacy and security protected, from the point of view of health but also from the point of view of privacy and many other issues.
President of the European Council. - Mr President, President of the European Commission, honourable Members, within the space of 49 days, I have chaired 3 meetings of the European Council and a Summit of Heads of State and Government of the eurozone. These facts illustrate the great and urgent challenges our Union is facing, both on the economic and on the diplomatic front. It also neatly illustrates that meetings of the European Council are not just an event: they are part of a process. Indeed, in the meeting on which I am reporting today - that of 24 and 25 March - we duly approved a significant set of economic measures that have been prepared and discussed over the last year, we stepped up our action with regard to ongoing events in Libya and we initiated our response to the catastrophic events in Japan. Allow me to take each of those issues in turn.
On economic issues, we took forward a comprehensive package of measures. Under the impulse of earlier meetings, including the informal eurozone summit of 11 March, we were able to bring together almost all the strengths of this endeavour. Of course, approving measures and procedures to deal with the crisis does not in itself take you immediately out of the crisis. This will require perseverance and sustained effort. I will not repeat all the decisions we took in detail. You will find them in the conclusions. However, let me summarise six key points.
(DE) Mr President, during the debate on the European Council here this morning there was an incident that I do not wish to go into again, because I was the target of an insult. However, I will say this: there are levels at which I cannot be insulted and where I do not see it as an insult either, because in order to insult me, someone must have a certain degree of sincerity. However, I would like to express my sincere thanks for the numerous signs of solidarity that I have since received in this House. I would very much like to thank my fellow Members from all groups. That is a sign of the common, democratic and pro-European conviction that the overwhelming majority of this House shares. I would like to thank you very sincerely for this.
It could not be taken for granted that the deadlock on this matter during the term of the previous European Parliament could be overcome. The proactive attitude of this Parliament, along with a general awareness of the state of fisheries resources and marine ecosystems in the Mediterranean, has contributed to the achievement of a sound compromise. Members of the European Parliament have shown their ability to listen to the spectrum of views that have been voiced on this important question. Parliament's opinion, which I hope will be adopted today, is a good starting point for the work to be carried out in the Council and I hope that the European institutions will be able to deliver the new regulation shortly, in the interests of our fishermen and of fisheries and the marine environment of the Mediterranean.
Most expenditure items and main projects in the European Parliament budget are of a multiannual nature. I firmly believe that if we improve medium-term budget planning and increase its transparency we will achieve efficiencies. Ladies and gentlemen, the report I am presenting today, which has been approved by the Committee on Budgets, clearly shows that we would like to leave more room for manoeuvre for the new Parliament. If the Committee on Budgets identified savings or reduced certain items we did not begin working on them at this stage just in order to appear tough or to launch a round of in-fighting with the administration and the Presidency on one side and the Committee on Budgets on the other. Our common aim is to obtain a professional and comprehensive summary of the issue and based on this to take the right decision. In the area of workforce planning the Committee on Budgets is bearing in mind proposals and ch
Madam President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the principle of effective internal control is one of the most important budgetary principles that the Commission must observe when implementing the budget and utilising the funds. The European Court of Auditors (ECA) and the European Parliament have been calling for effective, efficient control of the budgetary resources for years, and numerous attempts and suggestions have been made by the ECA, in particular, seeking to ensure that the Commission uses these resources appropriately and economically. Nevertheless, the ECA has not been able to give the Commission a positive statement of assurance for years. I need only remind the House of the occurrences in connection with irregularities in the implementation of the Leonardo programme a few years ago, and other support areas that have always been very susceptible to irregularities and perhaps even to fraud.
In January 2006, the Commission adopted an action plan towards an integrated internal control framework, again with the aim of obtaining a positive statement of assurance from the ECA. As stated in our report, there is no doubt that the Commission has made some serious efforts to develop the action plan. However, it is quite clear to Parliament that the implementation of the measures is a long way behind schedule. Therefore, the Commission must speed up the implementation of the envisaged measures considerably so that positive effects can be seen in the ECA's Annual Report in the foreseeable future and also so that we Members of the European Parliament can grant a budget discharge with a clear conscience.
   . – Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, Mr President of the Commission, having the President of the Commission present for a debate on an own-initiative report is not an everyday occurrence, for an own-initiative report is not exactly an outstanding event when what we are actually meant to be doing is making laws – although I shall turn to that in a moment. What your presence here demonstrates is that the Commission is clear in its own mind about how important this issue is in the eyes of the public, and hence, too, in those of the citizens’ representatives here in this House.
Written Declaration number 0071/2009, submitted by Members Elizabeth Lynne, Michail Tremopoulos, Lívia Járóka and Lidia Joanna Geringer de Oedenberg, on the fight against breast cancer in the European Union, has been signed by over half of Parliament's Members. Consequently, in accordance with Rule 123 of the Rules of Procedure, it will be forwarded to its addressees and published together with other texts adopted in plenary on 24 February 2010. The names of the signatories will be published in the Minutes of the sitting.
The situation in Iraq is a matter of constant concern to us, and a visit by our counterparts there, which gives us the opportunity to learn at first hand about how things are developing there, is both very necessary and welcome. I have already had the opportunity to meet them - I did so yesterday - and I am very well aware of the extremely difficult conditions under which their parliament's members have to work. I am sure that their talks with the Committee on Foreign Affairs and with other Members of this House were useful and will prove beneficial to both sides. I trust that the ongoing process of constitutional reform will offer all groups in Iran the opportunity to reach broad consensus on the essential issues and to prepare a way for their country to move forward into the future.
Vice-President of the Commission. - Mr President, the 'comitology dossier' has two main features. On the one hand, it is extremely technical, and probably any common citizen would find it difficult to understand. On the other hand, it is very important since it concerns how Parliament exercises its control over implementing acts. The 2006 reform of the Comitology Decision introduced something called the 'regulatory procedure with scrutiny', giving Parliament a veto right on measures of general scope that amend a legal act adopted under codecision.
A 16% reduction of the number of proceedings relating to failures to comply with the obligation to inform the Commission about transposition proceedings in the enlarged Union of 25 Member States should also be mentioned. This indicates better discipline by Member States where notification is concerned. As in previous years, the vast majority of the charges concerned inappropriate operation of the single market, notably implementation of the principle of free movement of people, goods and services. Many charges also concerned violation of the rights derived from citizenship of the European Union, that guarantee the principle of equal rights and opportunities for all citizens. On 5 September 2007 the Commission proposed amending the working methods used to date. The proposal aimed to ensure more effective management of proceedings, and received the support of the majority of Members of this House. Concern has been expressed, however, that the new procedure may result in the Commission losing institutional responsibility as guardian of the Treaties, as it provides for referring charges received by the Commission back to t
The next item is the recommendation for second reading by the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety on the Council common position for adopting a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council laying down Community procedures for the establishment of residue limits of pharmacologically active substances in foodstuffs of animal origin, repealing Council Regulation (EEC) No 2377/90 and amending Directive 2001/82/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council and Regulation (EC) No 726/2004 of the European Parliament and of the Council (15079/2/2008 - C6-0005/0009 - (Rapporteur: Avril Doyle).
This is a rather technical proposal as it aims to update the existing EU regime, the main purpose of which is to protect public health by limiting the exposure of consumers of food of animal origin to residues of pharmacologically active substances present in veterinary medicines and biocidal products. This is achieved by setting safety thresholds or maximum residue levels (MRLs) for approved substances and by banning substances which are either found to be unsafe or in respect of which a safety profile cannot be scientifically established.
'Strongly condemns the illegal detention of Iranian opposition leaders, Mir Hossein Mousavi and Mehdi Karoubi, together with their wives, by Iranian security forces and calls for their immediate and unconditional release; points out that the detention was carried out in violation of Iranian law; condemns the attitude of the Iranian authorities to the opposition exercising its legitimate right to protest and declares its solidarity with the Iranian people in their democratic aspirations; deplores the hypocrisy of the Iranian Government, which used excessive force, intimidation and arbitrary arrests against peaceful demonstrators demonstrating in solidarity with the Egyptian people on 14 February 2011, whilst claiming to support freedom in Egypt';
Madam President, on a point of order, you are obviously having trouble seeing me at the moment. I asked twice for a check on my own report, which was refused. I just want to put it on record that perhaps this has happened because you cannot hear a woman sitting at the back, perhaps you will not give the floor or listen to that kind of request. You and your colleagues have been wrong several times, and although you listened to the request for a check, you did not in the case of my report, and I asked for twice. I think that should be put on record. Thank you.
Madam President, although I know that we have more important things to do today, I would like to draw your attention to the fact that, on 6 September, I raised objections to the Minutes of the previous day and also asked - with a view to having these issues in general clarified, and not just this particular instance - that the committee responsible for dealing with agenda questions be asked to look into the matter of a vote result being retrospectively altered. Towards midday, I raised another objection and referred to my first one, but I have to date received no reply, and I do think that a Member is entitled to be given answers.
Madam President, of course Mr Swoboda is entitled to receive an accurate reply. I just want to ask your services to give it on the basis of the midday debate. Not to be too blunt about it, I had the feeling that Mr Swoboda, on the day itself, tried to use an amendment of the Minutes to change the outcome of this House's vote. For this reason, I ask that the midday debate should be taken as the basis of any answer your services give to Mr Swoboda, and please be so kind as to let me have a copy of it. I am quite sure that your services understood perfectly well what this House had in mind!
author. - (IT) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, I will not take up a great deal of your time because this is a well-known topic. We are talking about the pre-registration of chemical substances, a preliminary stage, in fact the first stage in implementing REACH, which is very important. This is because it offers companies the opportunity to establish the right to apply a transitional regime, in other words, stagger the times specified for registering substances. This is a more demanding procedure which above all, even more importantly, can lead to the formation of groups of companies for sharing data. This means that data can be presented jointly by producers of the same substance.
As we are all well aware, we have received information to the effect that, compared to the initial forecasts which the REACH system was based on, the number of pre-registrations has not only been high, but actually far higher than predicted. We were talking in terms of a few hundred thousand, but the number of substances which have been pre-registered, and the Commissioner will certainly give us the exact figures for this, has probably passed the million mark. This presents a problem for us as it also raises a lot of questions about the causes of this explosion, or phenomenon you might say, which could even be positive. The main thing we know is that this avalanche of data, though still preliminary basic information, has severely tested the ability of the newly formed European Chemicals Agency in Helsinki to handle it.
Thus we begin the next Presidency of the European Union. For the European Parliament, the Presidency is even more important today than it was under the Treaty of Nice, because now we are responsible for enacting European legislation under the ordinary legislative procedure. This places additional responsibilities on us - on Parliament, and also on the Council - because all legislative measures for Europe now have to be negotiated. The Polish Presidency is also beginning at a difficult period for Europe - we are aware of this. So it is with great interest that we are going to listen to the programme proposed by the Polish Presidency, which will be presented by Prime Minister Donald Tusk.
Mr President, Mr Barroso, chairs of the political groups, friends, honourable Members from all the Member States of the European Union and of all political persuasions, I am aware that I am in a place which, for the European Union and all Europeans who treat the idea of Europe seriously, is something special. It is a place which guarantees that the memory of where Europe has come from will be kept alive in our minds. In particular - this is how I view the many years of the European Parliament's work - it is an institution and a place which has never stopped believing in the reason for having a united Europe. I say this not because it is the right thing to say, but primarily because my personal experience tells me that this is the case. The European Parliament has been extremely consistent in working for the unification of Europe, and is still working for this today. This unification does not just mean the accession of individual countries, but also has a more profound significance, thanks to which the citizen
On 21 September, Toulouse was struck by a disaster on an unprecedented scale, in which 29 people died and 2500 were injured. We have all been concerned and deeply saddened by the suffering of the victims' families, of the injured and by the grief of the people of Toulouse. Following the explosion at the AZF factory, I sent a message on behalf of Parliament, and on my own behalf, to the Mayor of Toulouse, Mr Douste-Blazy and to his fellow citizens, to express our solidarity and deepest sympathy. The exact causes of this awful disaster are still unknown, but one thing is certain: France, and all the countries of the European Union, must make a firm commitment to ensure that a tragedy like this never happens again. It will be held up as an example of what we must no longer tolerate, wherever similar risks exist. People' s safety must never be compromised due to negligence, passivity or an overriding concern to save money.
In a repeat of previous incidents, this time in Northern Ireland, a journalist, Martin O' Hagan, was murdered on European Union soil by terrorists with a single objective - to spread fear by firstly attacking those who work to inform others. This appalling act is an attack by its perpetrators on the fundamental values of the European Union, namely the right to life, the rule of law and the freedom of expression. Under no circumstances must these acts of terrorism call into question the efforts of all those who, in spite of the difficulties they encounter
Some of the Commissioners emphasised in their hearings that Parliament must have access to documents on the same terms as the Council of Ministers, and Parliament expects the Commission to stand by its promises. Many of our citizens are concerned that they are being robbed of their freedoms and rights by the continual torrents of invasive legislation, such as the legislation on data retention, Ipred 1, Ipred 2, SWIFT, and so on. The EU cannot continue to negotiate on ACTA unless its citizens are given an opportunity to be involved in the process.
Madam President, I, too, should like to congratulate Mr Kacin on the balanced and detailed text which he has presented. The Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament wholeheartedly supports the accession prospects of Serbia, a country which has made tremendous progress over recent years and which forms the cornerstone for consolidating peace and stability in the Western Balkans. Parliament's approval today of the Stabilisation and Association Agreement is therefore an historic moment and we welcome it. In the resolution by the European Parliament, we also welcome the accession request filed by this country, but emphasise that other steps still need to be taken.
However, we must not forget that the Serbian people were victims of this war. Serbia is now the country with the highest number of refugees and internally displaced persons in Europe; people who need care and housing and to be integrated into the labour market. The Union must provide practical support for all efforts in this direction, especially in light of the credit crisis. We therefore welcome the recent commitment by the Presidents of Serbia and Croatia to find joint solutions to the refugee problem.
Mr President, I rise under Rules 152 and 160 of the Rules of Procedure, concerning voting procedure and roll call votes. It is obvious that the Rules of Procedure have been abused and used in a way utterly contrary to their intention. Could I ask, through you, that specialists such as Mr Corbett and others look very carefully at what has happened today? My understanding is that the President has the discretion to rule that any request for a roll-call vote be declared invalid. That may become a necessity when we have heavier voting sessions in the future.
Mr President, I must take exception to the two points of order just made. The rules are absolutely clear on this. Every group has the right to request roll-call votes. No discretionary power is given to the Chair. We have always accepted that, ultimately, in any democratic chamber the majority has the right to get its way, but what we have just heard is the most intolerant position that does not allow any opposition, that does not allow any dissenting view and, if my colleagues want to understand why the European Union is so unpopular with the voters out there, you need only consider your own intolerant attitude towards anyone expressing any view other than your own.
I should like to deal with the general reason first, however. Mr President, would you please issue a statement about yesterday's events on behalf of my group, particularly about the very specific case, the case concerning our ushers here in this House. I wish to say: it is every man and every woman's absolute right to be able to express their opinion in this House. We are also accustomed to seeing posters and T-shirts and to everyone being free to express their opinion here. Anyone who is in favour of a referendum is entitled to express this in this House. What we experienced yesterday, however, is not acceptable in the context of this freedom of opinion.
The European Union and its Member States claim that they are working very closely with the ILO and that they are promoting the programme on decent work for all and the Global Jobs Pact, with the ILO at the helm. However, ladies and gentlemen of the Commission, there is a lack of consistency between what we all say and what we do. It is therefore absolutely crucial this evening to discuss ratification of the ILO conventions, and tomorrow to approve a resolution on the issue, in order to offer certain guarantees to the ILO and also to our own project.
The country's ethnic diversity both justifies and reinforces this dictatorship. In large areas, minority peoples are in the majority. They pursue autonomy and organise protests against the central dictatorship. The military leaders consider their dictatorship necessary to be able to keep the country together permanently and to subjugate the rebellious people. They are more interested in the territory than in the people who live in it. By issuing major exploitation concessions to foreign businesses, vital sources of income are taken from the indigenous people, with nature and the environment being seriously damaged in the process.
The need to flee the country is further reinforced by the fact that no consideration is given to the regional majority peoples. The regime is keen to eliminate troublesome groups, either by killing them or by chasing them out of the country. Many flee into the sea in makeshift dinghies, running the considerable risk of drowning. Burma's neighbour, Thailand, has seen many refugees cross the border: according to some estimates, as many as two million people have fled over the past 25 years, and tens of thousands who have been refused entry remain homeless in the no man's land along the border.
We have an urgent matter on the agenda this afternoon. I would ask my fellow Members to put their trust in me with regard to the following process. Some Members who have been closely involved with this case know - and I cannot give any more details at this point, but I am one of those who knows - that we will have a solution for this case during the course of the day. Prominent government representatives from the EU are working to achieve a positive solution. Therefore, it would be sensible to remove this urgent matter from the agenda this afternoon, because any further debate would only hinder the work which is being done through diplomatic channels. This is why I am asking the House to agree that in this exceptional case, we should remove this urgent matter from the agenda, because this will be of greater help in resolving the case than debating it would be. That was my first request, Mr President. The second request will follow immediately.
Commissioner Kuneva has already promised to start considering what sort of system of collective redress might work in Europe. At least there seems to be broad consensus among us in Europe on what sort of system it should not be. It should not have any fundamental similarity with the American collective redress system, which mainly benefits lawyers, not consumers. In Europe we have to aim for a system where claims for compensation are directly linked to actual damage caused. This way, how justice is dispensed would not so much focus on the penalty but on obtaining justice for the consumer. Collective redress systems would
I would like to inform the House that I have received a letter from the President of the European Council, Herman Van Rompuy, in which he informs me of the European Council's decision to consult the European Parliament on the proposal by the Spanish Government concerning the composition of the European Parliament and to seek Parliament's consent not to convene a Convention on this matter. It concerns the 18 additional Members of the European Parliament. I have handed the proposal to the Committee on Constitutional Affairs, which has just begun work on this matter and will shortly appoint a rapporteur. Work on this will continue.
I would also like to tell you that, following the Bulgarian Government's decision to withdraw its candidate for Commissioner-designate, it has put forward a new candidate. The Conference of Presidents will decide tomorrow on the final timetable, but the most likely date for the hearing of the new Commissioner-designate is 3 February, with the vote on 9 February. This, of course, also depends on a decision from Mr Barroso and on his talks with the Bulgarian Government's newly appointed candidate. Nothing has yet been established, but I wanted the House to have this general information about what our next steps will be. At all events, the European Parliament is in full control of the situation. There are no exceptional situations here, and we are acting in accordance with democratic procedures. These procedures are of fundamental significance to us and this is how the European Parliament will always work under my Presidency.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, today represents an important opportunity to discuss the strategic issue of protecting animal welfare in agriculture. On 1 January 2012, the terms of Council Directive 1999/74/EC will enter into force, laying down minimum standards for the protection of hens, tantamount to the abolition of conventional battery cages as a system of rearing for the production of eggs. This method of animal housing will be banned in favour of systems of rearing that guarantee better animal welfare.
Now, one year after the irrevocable entry into force of the new legislation, data show that European producers are proceeding to adapt their production system, but not without running into difficulties. What we need is a concrete commitment from the Commission to safeguard animal welfare, to protect producers who have adapted their system of rearing to Council Directive 1999/74/EC, and, at the same time, to effectively guarantee the passage of the new legislation, avoiding distortions in terms of market competition.
Madam President, this also applies to me. I am not on the list either. But there is I something else I would like to say, Madam President. Yesterday the debate on the various oral questions was chaotic. We had a number of debates: Nigeria, Burma, the United Nations. These debates, and the speakers, were taken randomly. This throws Parliament into chaos, and is not very courteous towards the Commission representatives or the Presidency, who have difficulty making sense of anything from the different remarks which are made at cross-purposes.
Madam President, the Minutes of Wednesday Part I, page 1, sub-paragraph, ' the following spoke on the new rules' . That is in the official record. I have been arguing that it was a new rule but have been assured by the Chair that it is not a new rule. It is something other than a new rule. I note the last sentence of the next paragraph which states 'The President replied that the new rules were being applied for the first time' . If there is a procedure for new rules, this House has to agree to them. One gets a little tired of raising points of order on something so clear but it nevertheless is in the Minutes and it is incorrect.
As far as the Weber report is concerned, I speak on behalf of Vice-President Barrot and I would like first of all to thank the rapporteur and the members of the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs for the excellent quality of their work. The Commission welcomes the report and supports some of the proposed amendments. The Commission is, by and large, in favour of the proposal presented by five Member States, although the text is not as ambitious as it would have wished. More specifically, the Commission deplores the fact that the scope of the framework decision has been limited to cases where the same person is subject to parallel criminal proceedings for the same offence. The Commission also regrets the fact that the obligation to refer to Eurojust cases where there is a conflict of jurisdiction has been limited and that the list of criteria which must be taken into account to determine the most appropriate jurisdiction has been removed from the operative part of the text. These amendments have weakened the text of the proposal, taking away most of its added value.
European industry - I repeat - can play a driving role in the economy and in order for this to be the case we firstly need to protect our industrial fabric from the tough economic climate that we are experiencing, and secondly we need to improve the competitiveness of European industry. In other words, European industry needs to return to leadership and competitiveness in the global market; it needs to back innovation and the development of new technologies. In this respect, as in many other things, it is very important for the response to these challenges to have a European perspective and a European focus.
Vice-President of the Commission. - Mr President, on behalf of the Commission, I would like to give the following explanation. In proposing postponement of entry into force of this directive, the Commission was reacting responsibly to new scientific evidence - I repeat, new scientific evidence - namely a study commissioned by the Government of the United Kingdom and published in June 2007. This new scientific evidence showed that the potential entry into force of the directive in its present form in April 2008 would have a major unintended detrimental effect on the practice of magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), the best performing and safest imaging technology in contemporary medicine. I would like to add, because I am responsible for that sector, that, without this technology, thousands of patients in the European Union would not get the best possible treatment. I would also like to add that our producers are world leaders in this sector.
I would like to start with some important information about the Sakharov Prize for 2009. This morning's Conference of Presidents of the European Parliament awarded the Sakharov Prize for 2009 to Memorial, the organisation of Oleg Orlov, Sergey Kovalev and Lyudmila Alexeyeva and all other defenders of human rights in Russia whom it represents. We have awarded this year's prize to Memorial. We sincerely hope that by doing so, we will contribute to ending the circle of fear, uncertainty and violence surrounding human rights defenders in the Russian Federation.
Let me share with you my great satisfaction in being able to announce this prize as the President of the European Parliament and, in particular, as a man who comes from Solidarity. At one time, we had serious problems very similar to those that our colleagues and partners in the Russian Federation have today. I am very pleased that truth and freedom will always win in the end. This is how it was in many countries of Central and Eastern Europe. The fact that the Russians who are seeking the truth today are unable to go about their business freely is a major problem for the whole of Europe as well as a personal tragedy for themselves. The purpose of this prize is for us Members of the European Parliament to express our great support for their activities.
More than this, Baroness Ashton has been maintaining constant contact with key partners, as well as with key players in the countries themselves. This is being done every day directly by phone or through her representatives in the countries in question, in order to bring the EU's influence to bear wherever this is possible and whenever it can help. Every country's situation is unique and demands a strategic, carefully thought-out, well-tailored reaction. But when events move so fast, it is all the more crucial to build sound policy on solid fundamental principles.
author. - (DE) Mr President, in the run-up to drafting this resolution, some of us were accused of being enemies or opponents of Russia. We are just the opposite! We are friends of Russia, we are concerned about democracy and the rule of law in this important European country. We protest vehemently against the imprisonment of opposition activists who did no more than draw attention to a fact that has been noted by all international institutions, namely that the presidential elections in Russia were extremely unfair.
I would like to inform you that the written statement 89/2010 has achieved the required number of signatures. As a result, I would like to announce that it has now been accepted by the European Parliament. The statement concerns the unilateral reintroduction of visas for Czech citizens by Canada. The European Parliament expects the Commission and Council to take immediate measures with respect to Canada's decision to withdraw visas for citizens of the Czech Republic. We also expect greater resolve from the Council and the Commission in their actions. We feel complete solidarity with the citizens of the Czech Republic who, as members of the European Union, should be able to travel to Canada without visas.
Item number 2: For the seventh time, on 11 March, which is in four days' time on Friday, we will be celebrating the European Day for Victims of Terrorism. On this day in 2004, bomb attacks in Madrid killed nearly 200 people. 16 months later, 52 people were killed during attacks in London. Terrorism is an attack against the very foundations of democracy. There is no excuse for terrorism, and no attack or terrorist will ever be able to weaken the spirit of European solidarity or the spirit of European democracy.
Item number 3: We were very concerned to receive information regarding the execution in Taiwan on Friday of five people. The reinstatement of the death penalty in 2010 was a de facto reversal of the moratorium in force since 2006. The European Union and the European Parliament in particular have long condemned the enforcement of the death penalty all over the world. I call on the Taiwanese authorities to impose a moratorium on carrying out this inhumane punishment and, in the future, to remove it from its criminal code.
Before I start Question Time, because we are so late, I want to say a couple of things about the manner in which I will be conducting Question Time. I would be grateful if everybody would pay attention, including, if I may ask politely, the Commissioners who will be responding. I will take, by way of supplementary questions, only the author of the question because we do not have enough time to do more if we are to get through enough questions. I would ask the Commissioners who are responding or delivering their first answer not, please, to read us a long essay. We would like a very nice answer and an informative answer to our question, so that you can have some dialogue with the questioner.
(DE) Madam President, I must admit that I support your arguments about the time available. However, I would like to ask you to take one thing into account. The Members who want to ask questions are not the ones who are responsible for the fact that we are running so late. My problem is that I put a question to the Council concerning a matter which will now be dealt with as Question No 2. My question to the Council was identical to this, but Question Time with the Council has now been cancelled, without a replacement. This is, of course, rather unfortunate, and I would like to ask you to review your otherwise completely logical and understandable approach with regard to this one question.
Perhaps I might make a comment to the topic we have just discussed. Yesterday - Sunday, March the eleventh - was the third anniversary of the terrorist attack in Madrid on 11 March 2004, when 192 people were killed. The day of this appalling event has become a European day of commemoration for the victims of terrorism. It is a day for keeping memory alive - the memory of the victims of terrorism - and for solidarity with them and their families, with those who lost their lives and also with those who still suffer the effects of it, whether physical or psychological.
It is a day for fostering awareness, for, following the attack on Madrid, the bombings in London on 7 July 2005 resulted in more victims within the European Union, and, elsewhere around the world, too, it is still too often the case that too many people are being killed by violence motivated by fanaticism. Terrorism is an attack on freedom and democracy. Terrorism is an attempt at making things happened through blind violence and, in the process, destroying values, the values that are the foundation of the European Union and its Member States. Terrorism is a crime that cannot be tolerated under any circumstances. It represents one of the greatest dangers to the security, stability and democratic values of the international community and is also a direct assault on our citizens.
The European Union and the international community of states must be determined in fighting terrorism in whatever shape or form. There can be no justification for terrorism, and, in fighting it, we can allow ourselves no weakness; that is why we need a strong and united Europe. If we are to fight it effectively, we need to go beyond mere close cooperation and develop a coherent common policy that meets the needs of the public while also reflecting our understanding of human rights and human dignity.
The European Union cannot be held responsible for every piece of red tape, Mr Cioloş. A large proportion of the responsibility lies with the Member States. This is why I am asking you to ensure that we can work together on the forthcoming reform so that it is structured in such a way that it can be implemented with as little administrative and supervisory effort as possible. This will allow farmers to focus on their main job, in other words, producing food, rather than requiring them to check the current legislation to find out what they need to be aware of before they do anything out in their fields or their barns.
The next item is the debate on the oral question to the Council by Jo Leinen, on behalf of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety, on the implications of the Deepwater Horizon oil spill for the EU: action on oil extraction and exploration in Europe (B7-0470/2010), and the debate on the oral question to the Commission by Jo Leinen, on behalf of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety, on the implications of the Deepwater Horizon oil spill for the EU: action on oil extraction and exploration in Europe (B7-0551/2010).
Madam President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the Gulf of Mexico has probably suffered one of the biggest environmental disasters of recent years, and we in Europe - in the European Union - must do everything we can to ensure that such a disaster cannot happen here. I believe we are in agreement on that. We have four seas adjoining the EU or situated within the EU: the North Sea, the Baltic Sea, the Mediterranean and the Black Sea. Oil drilling takes place in these European waters. In this regard, the subject is also an issue for the European Union.
Deep-sea drilling especially represents a particular risk. That has become evident from the oil well in the Gulf of Mexico. There are problems here that are beyond our control. A great many outstanding questions have arisen to which we still do not have answers. Ladies and gentlemen, Commissioner, that is why we are recommending to you in our resolution that it would be appropriate to have a moratorium at least on new applications for deep-sea drilling until such time as we have a complete overview of what is needed and how we can close the gaps and remedy the shortcomings.
rapporteur. - (PT) Just three brief remarks if I may: a thank-you, a warning and a point of information. I should like to thank all those MEPs from the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs and all the political groups, whose goodwill enabled this report to be adopted quickly. I should like, too, to thank the Portuguese Government - and in particular Secretary of State José Magalhães - for taking the initiative and putting forward this system whereby new Member States that fulfil the Schengen assessment criteria do not have to remain unjustly suspended and can join the system immediately.
Third and lastly, a point of information. I should like to draw the attention of the Council and the Commission to the need to exert pressure on the Member States. Each Member State is responsible for getting ready to enter the system and to remove internal borders. Entering the Schengen system means that we have mutual trust when it comes to monitoring our external borders. During this Schengen assessment process there is no place for political agreements between governments to water down criteria and requirements. This is not an exercise in sympathy. This is about our shared security, and the security of Europe's citizens is not something to be dealt with lightly.
The outcome is a hotchpotch report which strings together universally known generalities. We are a long way from the unequal treatment of women on pensions and the remedies on which the Committee on Women's Rights and Gender Equality wished to predicate its report. As the rapporteur for the opinion of the Committee on Women's Rights on the basis of Rule 47 of the Rules of Procedure, I did my best, with the unanimous support of the Committee on Women's Rights, to propose specific corrections within the framework of the pension system reforms. There are six very precise corrections designed to plug the gaps in women's insurance as a result, for example, of maternity and their family commitments.
(NL) Madam President, I have voted against the Klamt report for the simple reason that the entire concept of economic immigration and what is being referred to as the 'blue card' bears witness to short-term thinking. We should, instead, adopt a policy of training, re-training and getting the approximately 20 million unemployed that are currently in the European Union back into jobs. We should, instead, learn from our past mistakes. A case in point is the importing of guest workers and their families in the 70s and 80s, which turned into a major s
I would first like to thank the rapporteurs for their efficient and helpful work on these important and sensitive matters. Along with the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs, they have worked very constructively with the Commission and all parties concerned. The careful work of Parliament has demonstrably improved the legal texts. I would also like to thank the Committee of European Securities Regulators for its excellent work. The draft measures now represent a balanced and efficient solution.
Specific tasks for the European Central Bank concerning the functioning of the European Systemic Risk Board - Powers of the European Banking Authority, the European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority and the European Securities and Markets Authority - European Securities and Markets Authority - Macro-prudential oversight of the financial system and establishment of a European Systemic Risk Board - European Banking Authority - European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority - Cross-Border Crisis Management in the Banking Sector (debate) 
Firstly, we are considering the Commission's Fourth Report on Social and Economic Cohesion. This is a truly remarkable document, much better than the previous versions, and it constitutes a firm basis for all manner of reflections on the future of cohesion within Europe. It is also important because the brand new Lisbon Treaty establishes territorial cohesion as one of the EU's main objectives. As we know, new and formidable challenges are now looming together with those we are already aware of, and cohesion policy must make a major worthwhile contribution to their consideration, to allow us to move forward to the Europe we want to see: that is, an effective, solidarity-conscious Europe.
What does the Fourth Report show us? That social and economic convergence between the Member States is moving in the right direction, with a definite reduction in discrepancies in terms of income and jobs over the last decade, but also that there are still considerable disparities between regions, and occasionally within regions, with a frequent tendency to become more acute. Development is real enough, but is plagued by far too many imbalances. It is here that the new concept of territorial cohesion comes into its own, and this is where it must tak
Ladies and gentlemen, it is my sad duty to inform you of the death of Mr Robert Hersant on 21 April 1996. Mr Hersant was chairman of the Robert Hersant press group. From 1956 to 1978 he was a member of the French National Assembly. In the direct elections of 1984, 1989 and 1994 Mr Hersant was elected to the European Parliament and was a member of the Group of the European People's Party in this House. He was a member of the Committee on Social Affairs and Employment. Our sympathy goes to his family, his parliamentary group and all his friends. I now ask you to rise for one minute to honour his memory.
As an English speaker, I condemn this discourtesy to other Members of Parliament. It is very discriminatory that they should be forced to present their views in a foreign language. I urge you, Mr President, to ensure in future that where a Member has to present a report they are able to do so in their own language even if this means taking interpreting staff from another committee for the period concerned. The committee views this with the greatest concern. All speakers in this Parliament are entitled to speak in their mother tongue whether that language is spoken by many or by few.
Breast cancer was on the agenda three years ago, and it is now time to take an initial look at the results, which appears to be urgently necessary. In the 25 Member States, 275 000 women contract breast cancer every year. The risk of dying from it is twice as high in one Member State as in another. To make it worse, younger and younger women are contracting the disease: just in the last few years, the number of women under 40 affected has doubled. Breast cancer is still the number one cause of death in women between 35 and 55.
As highlighted in this House's resolution, which we are now going to debate, the first half of this year will be crucial for the negotiations with Croatia. They have entered their final phase, yet much remains to be done before we can reach a successful conclusion. We are going to have to look at difficult chapters such as those on competition, fisheries, the judiciary and fundamental rights, the environment, and foreign security and defence policy. We will also have to close provisionally some chapters with financial implications.
Therefore, a great deal of work lies ahead. New Commissioner, Štefan Füle, who was a former colleague of mine when I was Europe Minister - and I would like to welcome him and congratulate him on his appointment - is going to be extremely busy with the enlargement issue as far as Croatia is concerned, because as soon as next week, we plan to hold an initial intergovernmental conference at ministerial level to open the chapters on fisheries and the environment, two very important chapters that, as you can imagine, will require an enormous amount of work and dedication.
I was going to have welcomed Mr McCreevy here and thanked him for his work previously, so perhaps you will pass on our good wishes for what might have been his final appearance here. Nevertheless, I am particularly pleased that Mr Barnier has joined us as a very active member of my committee to hear this, because this is a dossier which will be very much in his in-tray, assuming of course that the Parliament approves his nomination and the Commission moves forward. It is nevertheless very good that he is here.
The free movement of professionals and the Directive on the mutual recognition of professional qualifications are among the flagship issues that my committee is most concerned about in the whole construction of the single market. It is very appropriate that we are discussing this question to the Commission this morning, which is essentially to ask for an update on the progress in transposing the revised directive that my committee worked on back in 2004-2005, and on how that is actually being implemented by the Member States. It is also very timely because Professor Monti came to our c
Madam President, as we all know, Parliament will be in recess in August. Therefore, I would like to recall today that 8 August 2001 is the anniversary of a tragedy: the 45th anniversary of the terrible accident which took place in the Marcinelle mines. On 8 August 1956, 262 miners died in the most tragic accident in the workplace ever to take place in Europe: 262 miners from all over our continent. I am sure, Madam President, that you will want to take suitable measures to mark the anniversary of this tragic event, and I am also sure that the Belgian presidency, which has announced that its programme will include the creation of an equitable social Europe, will make every endeavour to ensure that this proposal establishes the conditions necessary to prevent a tragedy such as that of Marcinelle ever occurring in Europe again.
Madam President, I learned yesterday that the Bureau was to make a statement today about the memorandum being prepared by this House on enlargement. You have a great sensitivity for language, Madam President, and you are more aware than anyone that the choice we are about to make on language regulation is the key to a great many other decisions that will have to be taken. Can you assure us that in the future all elected members of this House will continue to have the right to express themselves in their own language, to listen to their fellow-MEPs in their own language and to write in their own language? That would be a great help in setting our minds at rest.
One of the texts provided for the creation of functional airspace blocks, in other words airline routes at the various airspace levels, in order to optimise consumption, reduce greenhouse gases and if possible reduce congestion at the busiest airports, not forgetting the possibility of bringing down air transport costs. This is a particularly sensitive issue, with reservations on the part of the Member States, which have always reaffirmed their sovereignty over their airspace. That is especially true of the Member States - and I know of one that is dear to me, my own country - which have large military forces and military airspace blocks reserved in a virtually discretionary fashion.
However, I want to focus on the excellent report that Maria Martens has produced. It talks about something very fundamental in the way we disburse our aid. Maria Martens has identified that, if national parliaments in the ACP countries are not empowered to look at the country strategy papers and discuss them in a transparent fashion, then the funds that the EU provides ACP countries could be used in the wrong way. It gives power to the national parliaments in ACP countries to scrutinise the development assistance that is being provided, in the same way that the Lisbon Treaty should have given more power to national parliaments within the EU to scrutinise what we are doing here. Ms Martens' report takes into account accountability and transparency, so I support it.
President-in-Office of the Council. - Mr President, access to affordable pharmaceutical products in poor developing countries and LDCs is essential to attain the proposed EU development goals and would contribute to poverty reduction, increase human security and promote human rights and sustainable development. I think we both agree on the importance of ensuring the coherence of EU policies and that consistency in the EU's external actions, namely trade and development policies, should go hand in hand.
rapporteur. - (DE) Mr President, I would like to raise a point of order. This morning, we discussed with the European Ombudsman the question of what powers he possessed to monitor EPSO, the European personnel agency, and he confirmed that he exercises such functions by virtue of his office. I would therefore like to make a request of the Members with whom we debated this morning, namely that we should agree to adopt Mrs Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou's Amendment 1 on the grounds that it confirms what the European Ombudsman said.
I am sure you are aware that last week I made an official visit to the US. I officially opened Parliament's new Liaison Office with the United States Congress in Washington. I also had many important talks which should contribute to closer cooperation, especially economic cooperation, between the European Union and the United States. We also talked about strategic partnership and about the changes which have taken place in the European Union following the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon. We expect cooperation with the United States to take place on equal terms.
This Sunday, 9 May, is the 60th anniversary of the Schumann Declaration. To mark this event, the European Parliament will open its doors to all those interested on Saturday 8 May in Brussels, and on Sunday in Strasbourg. There will also be ceremonies to commemorate this event in Luxembourg. In Strasbourg, among other visitors we will have one of the Vice-Presidents of the Commission and the French and German Ministers for European Affairs. I, too, will be there, and I would like to encourage all of you to come to Strasbourg this Sunday, in four days' time.
First of all, whilst the European Union is clearly making thorough preparations in the areas of security and justice, with a view to taking over the tasks of the UN, UNMIC, we are of the opinion that it is not in the areas of security and justice, however important that they may be, that the EU will be playing an important role. What is equally important, for example, is coordinating all the efforts of the international community, continuing to help in the construction of a civil administration and, crucially, monitoring complianc
President-in-Office of the Council. - (FR) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, it is both an honour and a pleasure for me to speak in your House today for two reasons: firstly, because your Parliament represents the heart of European democracy. The French Presidency has a tremendous amount of respect and admiration for the work that you have done in support of European integration, and the best possible proof of our willingness to help Europe move forward together was provided by the French President in his speech in Strasbourg in July. It is this same spirit that guides me and is shared by my colleagues in the French Government. Secondly, because the draft budget for 2009, which I am presenting to you today, was adopted unanimously by the Council on 17 July. This unanimity shows that this draft budget is balanced and that it allows all EU governments to identify with it.
As regards the measures for implementing the Parliament and Council Decision establishing for the period 2007-2013 the specific programme 'Drug prevention and information', the Commission agrees as an exceptional measure to transmit as swiftly as possible to the chairman of the competent committee the draft annual work programmes relating to this specific programme, in addition to sending them via the comitology register. The Commission will inform Parliament as soon as possible of any amendments made to the texts following the committee meetings.
Mr President, I did not rise to speak yesterday at the beginning of the sitting, but I do wish to clarify an issue concerning something said by the President of this Parliament. With regard to the tabling of the so-called Antiterrorist Agreement in Spain, the presidency of this Parliament stated that this was signed by various associations and unions, and the Church was mentioned. I wish to state, for the information of everyone here, that this is not the case, despite the pressure exerted by the Government and the Socialist Party. This statement has not even been signed by organisations that support the government in Madrid and, with all due respect, I must say that this situation, which is discussed here with such frequency, the situation of the Basque country, is complex and it requires efforts to maintain dialogue. This is what was requested, for example, in the manifesto that I submitted to President Fontaine, signed by four thousand intellectuals and others involved in culture in Catalonia.
We now have within reach concerted European research, in the context of future cooperation between the 22 National Metrology Institutes. This will introduce substantial Europeanisation into the important field of measurement. In addition, there is to be enhanced cooperation in future involving the five Member States not yet participating in this integration. We have achieved this by means of Article 169, which we apply when coordinating national and European research funding. Each amounts to EUR 200 million, and this will enable us to achieve cooperation between the nation-states.
This process should be pursued by future presidencies. The objective is not to label or classify countries, but to tailor their instruments and responses to specific situations. In these situations of fragility, there are major obstacles to poverty reduction. Institutional capabilities in such situations are very limited, with states unable to assume the functions of governance, or with the consequences of natural disasters, violent conflict, or a lack of political will on the part of the government regarding development objectives. In extreme cases, these situations can have an impact beyond the country's borders, affecting regional stability or even global security.
rapporteur. - Mr President, did you know that retail provides almost 20 million jobs and continued to employ throughout the crisis? Our report is about creating more jobs in Europe. The time has come to recognise that retailers are drivers of growth. Did you know, and can you imagine, that if you buy a toy in one Member State for your child, you have to retest it to get additional certification in another Member State? Did you know that you have to repack a cheese to market it on a cross-border basis? What a waste.
Mr President, I would like to speak in favour of Mr Goebbels' proposal. I leave this matter to the House. It is for you to decide whether you would like to postpone or not. Fridays in Strasbourg are a difficult issue for us, but today because of the sensitivity of the report - it raises issues about the general procedure of the House and our general relationship with the Commission - I personally think it would be better if the groups had an opportunity to vote when there were more Members present.
(HU) Thank you very much, Mr President. Allergies are the epidemic of today, and have typically spread throughout Europe since the Second World War. Today, one third of children have an allergy and, if we do not do something about it, in time half the European population will suffer from this illness. Foods containing chemicals and the polluted environment are to blame for allergies. Allergic symptoms can, however, be triggered by natural and artificial food additives, spices, pollens and other natural substances.
I am very grateful to the President of the Council for the statement this morning on the Middle East at the beginning of this debate and for hearing some of Minister Gama' s insights, as he arrived hot-foot from the region. My only regret is that my own commitment to open the European Reconstruction Agency on Monday meant that I could not take part myself in that trip to the Middle East, even though, as I mentioned earlier in the day - which is another story - events conspired to maroon me at Munich airport rather than transport me to Thessaloniki. Such is life.
Like honourable Members, I welcome the United States' efforts that have relaunched the Syrian/Israeli negotiations, despite the Syrian decision that they needed more time before resuming the talks that were scheduled to start again today. There is reasonable hope that a basis for a peace agreement can be built in the near future. I also hope that progress in the Syrian track will pave the way for an early resumption of Lebanese/Israeli talks which could then advance in parallel towards an overall deal on Israel's relations with its northern neighbours.
Unfortunately, it is a fact that many countries across the world, not only in North Africa and in the Middle East, still lack a proper legal framework to protect women and girls from violence. There is nothing to encourage the reporting of such attacks. Much more must be done to deter perpetrators and to hold them accountable for their actions. Women continue to endure discriminatory laws and deeply entrenched cultural inequality. In the case of Egypt, for example, the national committee formed to write the new constitution is composed only of men, and even the new cabinet has only one female minister.
Against this backdrop, we strongly condemn the increasing reports of severe human rights violations including rape, sexual assault and severe humiliation of women activists. The European Union is committed to strengthening the role of women in political, civil, social, economic and cultural spheres, as well as to fighting against discrimination and impunity. This is why one of the EU's eight Human Rights Guidelines explicitly aims to 'promote gender equality and combat discrimination against women'. And the Barcelona Declaration of 1995, which established the Euro-Mediterranean Partnership, specifically reinforces this commitment for the Euromed region.
   – Mr President, the next item on the agenda is the oral question on the liberal professions. At the Conference of Presidents no agreement could be reached on a motion for a resolution to accompany this oral question. There have since been further discussions, and I think there is now a majority in this House in favour of an accompanying resolution. I would therefore like to propose voting on a resolution in the next Strasbourg week and would suggest that we set a deadline of 12 noon on Thursday of next week for the submission of motions for a resolution. 
rapporteur. - (DE) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to take this opportunity to thank all those who have worked together so outstandingly well - the shadow rapporteurs, the Committee staff and the House administration, the Commission and the presidencies, both Finnish and German. We have succeeded in getting the crucial improvements on which we had decided accepted, those being the clarification of reprocessing, where the Commission has promised us a directive specifically relating to the subject; clarification of the position of software, of databases and the phasing out and labelling of carcinogenic and mutagenic substances.
That is why I am pleased that we are debating this important issue this evening. I would like to take the opportunity to thank you for your good cooperation to date and I hope that together, we will ultimately be able to arrive at a common resolution. I also hope that the new Commission will present a directive on trafficking in human beings as soon as possible - a directive that is more forceful and goes even further than the proposal made by the old Commission, which was, in itself, a good one.
The EU's response to the negotiating difficulties is that we must step up the pace. We must drive things forward to ensure that the world reaches the agreement required. We will take on the challenge of bringing the other nations of the world with us into an agreement that is sufficiently capable of meeting the challenge of climate change. We are therefore taking an intensive two-track approach: firstly, sending a powerful message to our negotiating partners; and secondly, bringing the EU together behind a strong negotiating mandate ahead of the Copenhagen conference. The EU has already laid the foundation for this with the climate and energy package ag
(DA) Madam President, we have today achieved an historic compromise with this directive on patient's rights. I believe this is the most historic agreement that we have concluded since I have been in Parliament. A historic compromise that has been cemented between two parties that have been a great distance apart for far too long, namely Parliament, on the one hand, and the Council, on the other. Through hard work, we have now succeeded in securing a compromise that will benefit patients, who will be protected against unreasonably long waiting times, and, at the same time, we have found a balance that will ensure that the Member States will be able to monitor what is happening from both a medical and a financial point of view.
The new cycle of the Lisbon Strategy primarily emphasises implementation of the reforms. Lately we have often witnessed some erroneous perceptions that the reason for the rise in retail prices and unstable financial markets is that the European Union has a weak economic foundation. The truth is precisely the opposite: it is the relatively firm foundation of the European economy that explains why the uncertainties in the global financial market and the price of crude oil and other commodities have had fewer consequences for the European Union than would have been the case had the economic foundation of the European Union been weak.
To begin with, I would like to give you some information. Firstly, the Sixth International Day Against Homophobia is being observed in the European Union, today. Exactly 20 years ago, the World Health Organisation removed homosexuality from the International Classification of Diseases. The European Union is fighting discrimination on all fronts. This also includes homophobia. The obligation to protect the discriminated is embodied in our most important legal acts - in the treaty and in the Charter of Fundamental Rights, which is referred to in the treaty.
Secondly, this month, we celebrated the 60th anniversary of the Schuman Declaration, and on 8 and 9 May, our Parliament held Open Days in Brussels and Strasbourg. Visitors were able to see the work of Parliament close up and learn about our everyday work. The buildings were open to all citizens. In all, over 33 000 citizens of the European Union visited Parliament in Brussels and Strasbourg. We also had a meeting in this Chamber with 800 young people from all the countries of the European Union. There were 11 Members of the European Parliament with me. We talked with them, we sat together and discussed matters related to the Union.
The third piece of information. Last week, on Tuesday 11 May, I had the great honour to present the Charlemagne Youth Prize in Aachen. First prize was won by the 'Train for Europe' project from Germany. Second place was won by a project from Ireland and third place by a project from Bulgaria. Young people from all countries of the Union entered the competition. The German project brought together representatives from 21 European countries, and 24 vocational schools worked together to design and build a train. The main Charlemagne Prize was presented on 13 May two days after the Youth Prize, also in Aachen, to the Prime Minister of Poland, Donald Tusk.
Prime Minister, Mr Balkenende, the Kingdom of the Netherlands was not only among the founding members of the European Union, but also, in the course of the past 50 years, played a leading role on repeated occasions, on which it showed a great deal of determination, among those who themselves sought - and supported others who tried - to drive forward the history of our continent and make it an incomparable success story. Significant treaties and agreements within the European Union bear the names of cities in the Netherlands; there is the Treaty of Maastricht, whereby the European Union was founded, and the Treaty of Amsterdam, which accorded this House extensive rights of codecision.
Thirdly, the decision made in the past to opt for minimum harmonisation, thereby allowing the Member States to retain specific national provisions, has resulted in fragmentation of the legal environment, given that the rules in force lay down a minimum European standard but do not define a single method for meeting it. The consequence of this, according to the September 2006 Eurobarometer, is that 50% of citizens are more wary of cross-border purchases while 71% believe that it is more difficult to assert their rights when buying from sellers based in another Member State.
Similarly, it is important for economic operators in that they will benefit from a secure regulatory environment and will be able to make the most of an internal market comprising nearly 500 million consumers. One of the challenges of this review is enter a qualitative stage, to some extent laying the foundations for a European consumer code. However, what method should be used? The European Parliament fully supports the methodology proposed by the Commission, namely a mixed or combined approach: on the one hand, it is based on the
Mr President, we have already discussed this issue at the Conference of Presidents. Many groups are divided over Mrs Gallo's report and it seems that all the groups need to discuss the matter further, as there are problems and contradictory points which the groups have yet to resolve. That is why we have requested that the debate on and the vote on Mrs Gallo's report be postponed until September, the second September session or a later session. The issue will need to be examined at the Conference of Presidents. The solution is, therefore, quite simple. Given that the fruit is not yet ripe, let us leave it on the vine and discuss the matter again in September.
It is a pity that the other members of the College of Commissioners have not read this impact assessment, because if they had read it, they would not have been able to present this proposal, which has nothing at all to do with the impact assessment. I wonder how the College of Commissioners picked the year, for example. There is absolutely no mention of this in the impact assessment. The only thing which might explain it is that 2014 is exactly halfway between 2010 and 2018. That is what it must be.
However, it may be that they have also not understood the content. None of the arguments in favour of this proposal can be seriously considered because they are not correct. There is the argument that the State aid scheme adopted in 2002, which is about to expire, was a phasing out arrangement for coal mining. Of course, this is totally incorrect. It was a successor arrangement. I know this, because I was there and I was the rapporteur for Parliament in 2002. This is when the Treaty establishing the European Coal and Steel Community (ECSC) expired after 50 years and a successor arrangement was needed, not only with regard to aid, but also other issues.
Today, we are under the regime of the Treaty of Lisbon, Article 9 of which provides that, in the definition and implementation of its policies and actions, the Union shall, and I quote, 'take into account requirements linked to the promotion of a high level of employment, the guarantee of adequate social protection, the fight against social exclusion, and a high level of education, training and protection of human health'. This article is binding on all the institutions of the Union and on all its policies.
rapporteur. - (NL) Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, finally, we are about to reap the rewards of more than two and a half years of sustained commitment by a huge number of people, both in the Commission and in Parliament, who firmly believe in the added value of the INSPIRE Directive for environmental policy in the European Union. I know for a fact that this is not the sexiest issue we have ever discussed here, and given the highly technical content, everyone assumed that an agreement at first reading was on the cards. This was, however, overlooking the fact that some Member States were dead set against any form of harmonisation of spatial environmental information, and that were, above all, also concerned about compensation and licences and saw this initiative as a threat to national monopolies. No fewer than five Council presidencies had INSPIRE listed as a priority, but it was the Finnish Presidency that managed, during the night of 21 November 2006, to persuade the Member States to end their resistance. I should also like to take this opportunity of warmly thanking everyone who has done their bit to achieve this success, not least the Commissioner and his staff. They have done much of the groundwork, in tandem with an international team of experts that has responded with particular enthusiasm, as a result of which no time has been lost. I should also like to make a point of thanking the shadow rapporteurs and their staff, Parliament's Legal Office, the Secretariat of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety and the conciliation secretariat, the Council presidency and all their staff.
The concerns stem from the discovery of significant delays in the execution of constituent projects of the first definition of the TEN-T – codecided in 1996 – and from the identification of insufficient funding as the principal cause of those delays. Decision No 884/2004, which amended the definition of the TEN-T in the Union of 25, anticipates large-scale financial requirements: at least EUR 225 billion for the 30 projects from now until 2020, of which at least EUR 140 billion is to be spent in the period incorporated within the 2007-2013 Financial Perspective.
Madam President, the problems facing Afghanistan and Pakistan are naturally a concern of the whole world. Violent extremism is spreading beyond the region. Drugs that are grown and produced in Afghanistan find their way onto the streets of Europe. One of the driving forces behind our commitment is the need to prevent Afghanistan and Pakistan becoming safe havens for terrorist activity and organised crime. At the same time, of course, we want to help create better countries for the people of Afghanistan and Pakistan to live in.
An overall initiative is required. We all need to do more and to do better. In June, the Council asked the Council Secretariat and the Commission to put forward specific recommendations and political priorities to strengthen and enhance our commitment in the region. The result was the EU action plan for strengthening the EU's involvement in Afghanistan and Pakistan. This was adopted in October. I believe that this action plan is a good tool. The basic strategy is already in place. The action plan will allow us to adapt the instruments currently being used to meet our political priorities.
rapporteur. - (PT) I should like to begin this short statement by welcoming the decision by the European Parliament Committee on Fisheries to produce a report on the Common Organisation of the Markets in fisheries and aquaculture products. It is known and recognised that this COM has still not realised the objectives for which it was created, namely to ensure stable markets for fisheries products and to secure a fair income for producers. That being so, we appreciate the European Commission's albeit tardy decision to undertake an in-depth evaluation of the existing COM and call on it to carry out its urgent revision in order to boost its contribution to guaranteeing incomes in the sector, ensuring market stability, improving the marketing of fisheries products and increasing the value-added generated, notably by a significant increase in financial resources.
Despite the fact that some of our initial proposals did not obtain the necessary consensus in the Committee on Fisheries, we consider that the report now put to the vote contains valuable measures, such as measures to determine whether the existing intervention mechanisms are the most suitable ones and whether they are sufficiently flexible to meet the relevant needs in the various Member States; to introduce a compensatory payment for sardines like the one already existing for tuna; to meet the need for the Structural Funds to contribute to the modernisation and creation of support infrastructures for producers in the context of production/marketing; to provide genuine support for the creation and funding of producers' organisations and above all for small-scale coastal and traditional fisheries; to ensure the application to imported fisheries products sold on the internal market of the same rules and requirements as those applied to Community fisheries products. These are matt
I therefore consider it essential to identify those responsible for these murders, to bring them to justice, in accordance with Congolese law and with international provisions on the protection of human rights, in order to put an end to the impunity. Punishing those responsible for murdering human rights defenders and journalists is an essential part of democracy. We said so again this morning, in Mrs Hautala's report. The resolution therefore calls on the European Union and on the Democratic Republic of Congo, as signatories to the Cotonou
(IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to make a point of order. You informed us that, at the request of the journalists, an estimable group, you would announce all the votes, but it seems to me that Parliament's rules ought to be made by parliamentarians, not journalists. I would like to know whether this is the association of blind journalists, because the journalists can very well see the outcome of the vote on the screens. In any case, deaf journalists may have some difficulty if you announce the results.
The waste hierarchy makes prevention of waste the first priority, which means substituting hazardous substances in products which prevent recycling or pose a risk to health and the environment when undergoing waste treatment. The Commission estimates that the current RoHS Directive has led to a reduction of 100 000 tonnes of certain heavy metals and two groups of brominated flame retardants from going into the waste stream and potentially entering the environment. RoHS has set a global standard, but there was a need for more clarity, so we had a great responsibility with this recast to ensure that a clearer and more ambitious
For the Banking Authority, the proposed executive director is Adam Farkas; for the Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority it is Carlos Montalvo, and for the Markets Authority it is Verena Ross. The nominees all attended confirmation hearings in the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs last week. These were webstreamed, and are therefore available on the ECON website, as are the candidates' biographies. The full committee decided by a substantial majority that we should vote in favour of these candidates, so that is the recommendation from the committee.
(FR) Madam President, I should simply like to propose an oral amendment as follows: 'having regard to the Fourth Geneva Convention relative to the Protection of Civilian Persons in Time of War, of 12 August 1949, together with Additional Protocols I and II thereto, and particularly concerned at the violence suffered by humanitarian, medical and religious personnel in the performance of their duties'. That is the text of the amendment. I have consulted widely with colleagues from the various groups and they have assured me that they will not obstruct my proposal.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I am delighted to present to you today the amendment to the regulation on double-hull oil tankers. This proposal is designed to bring the regulation into line with the political statement made at the International Maritime Organisation in December 2003 by the Presidency of the European Union on behalf of the Member States and of the European Commission. This statement was extremely clear. It was designed to indicate to all the parties signatory to the MARPOL Convention that no EU Member State would authorise oil tankers flying its flag to make use of one of the exemptions laid down by the Convention, namely that relating to the use of single-hull vessels to carry oil.
Of course, we also condemn the coup d'état and any attempt to seize power by undemocratic means. We also believe that the United Nations Security Council and international organisations of which Madagascar is a member do not recognise this de facto regime and we want constitutional order to be restored. We ask, too, that legal and constitutional systems be immediately re-established in the country and we call on all Malagasy parties to fully comply with the provisions of the constitution of Madagascar in order to overcome this crisis.
(LT) I voted for the resolution drafted by the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats together with other groups, because freedom of information, freedom of expression and diversity of opinion must be ensured in all of the Member States of the European Union. Freedom of information is the foundation of a free democratic society and in the Charter of Fundamental Rights, it is laid down that every person has the right to freedom of expression, and this right includes the right to have one's own convictions and to obtain and distribute information and ideas without the interference of government institutions. Therefore we, Members of the European Parliament, must support the development of independent media and fair competition at national level. In order to ensure effective freedom of the press, government institutions must be prepared to defend freedom of expression and to foster its development, which is the most important thing ensuring the fundamental values and rights of the European Union.
(IT) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, as you know, the ECURIE System - the European Community security system - was triggered yesterday following an undefined incident in a Slovenian nuclear power station. The alert was subsequently called off, but doubts persist as to the true nature of the incident and the reasons for this highly unusual alert. We therefore wish to make the most of the fact that the Commission will be present later on today, and that Slovenia holds the presidency, to call upon the presidency and the Commission to inform the European Parliament, and hence the public, of the real reasons why this utterly abnormal procedure occurred. I should be grateful, Madam President, if you would act on this request.
Madam President, on page 6 of yesterday's Minutes it says that I asked to make a personal statement. What I said then, Madam President, was proven again by something that happened yesterday. On Dutch television, in the programme Nova , Mrs Van Dijk again did precisely what I reproached the Greens for yesterday, in other words, she misrepresented the situation for electoral purposes. She maintained on television that I am against any change in the current statutory arrangements for Members. Everyone in this House knows that I have said very clearly time after time, orally and in writing, and in reports by the Committee on the Rules of Procedure, that I am of the opinion that the same statute must apply to all Members and that there must be no discrimination on grounds of nationality because that is against Article 6 of the Treaty. At the present time, Madam President, Italians in this House earn five times more than Spaniards. That is a disgrace! That is discrimination on grounds of nationality. We are deemed to perform the same work and should therefore receive the same emoluments. Once there is a statute based on equality, Madam President, the rules for travel and subsistence expenses can also be changed. I demand that the Greens withdraw their accusation that I am against change. I am in favour of it. Madam President, we expect proposals from the Bureau as soon as possible on a single statute.
   . – Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, if you have ever visited Afghanistan or endeavoured to become more deeply informed about it, you will know how appalling and how extensive is the damage that has been done there – materially, culturally, socially and in human terms. Civil wars, the power struggles of local warlords, the Soviet war of occupation, the Taliban dictatorship, and the Northern Alliance’s bombardments too have killed and maimed millions, destroyed the economy of what was already an extremely poor country and left much of its society in ruins.
This report, however, is not meant to be about our differences on the past – although we certainly have them – but about our common position that the international community must take responsibility for providing, on a massive scale, political, financial and economic support for the people of Afghanistan in shaping a peaceful, democratic and social future for themselves. This aid, and the financial support provided by the Commission in particular, must not be cut back; it must be stepped up to take account of the prevailing conditions. It would be irresponsible of the international community, in the shadow of the war in Iraq and of the tragic difficulties there, to backtrack on its commitment to Afghanistan and weaken its solidarity with its people. I belie
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, today we are closing a very fast process to reform the Deposit Guarantee Directive. The whole procedure demonstrates the capability but also the limitations of the European institutions. It was only in mid-October that the Commission tabled a proposal to amend the directive, which has both a political and an economic objective, namely to restore depositors' confidence in the financial market, the cross-border activities of banks and the regulation of the financial markets in general.
I probably do not need to remind honourable Members of what history teaches us about protectionism, the importance of keeping our markets open and the possibility for our businesses to be able to trade across the world. I probably do not need to tell all honourable Members that, simply within the rules of the World Trade Organisation, if countries moved from applying their tariffs the way that they do at the present time to applying them in the way they are allowed to do under the rules, then the cost to trade would be something of the order of EUR 260 billion. I am sure I do not need to remind honourable Members that, as the developing nations consider the future, they are deeply concerned about what will happen to some of the aid that has been available to them so far.
rapporteur. - (FR) Mr President, in paragraph 32 we repeat the two conditions, i.e. territorial integrity and self-determination, even though they are already mentioned in paragraph 30. However, the author of the amendment has added 'self-determination of the people who live there'. I strongly recommend that we delete the words 'of the people who live there' because that would exclude the refugees and persons displaced in their own country. Therefore, if the author of the amendment agrees to delete those few words, I will be able to support the amendment; otherwise, I recommend that we reject it.
The Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament has informed me that with effect from today Mr Severin is no longer a member of the group. This time it is an official notification. In accordance with Rule 211(3), the Committee on Constitutional Affairs has proposed the following interpretation of Rule 128 entitled 'Proceedings before the Court of Justice of the European Union'. The whole interpretation has been made available for your inspection. The above interpretation will be considered adopted if no objections are lodged by the opening of the sitting on Thursday, 24 March 2011. So you have until tomorrow at 9.00 to lodge objections to this interpretation. It is a long one, so I am not going to read it out. Nevertheless, all of you do have access to this interpretation.
I would also like to inform you officially that Mr Thaler has resigned from Parliament with effect from 21 March 2011. In accordance with Rule 4(1) and (3), Parliament has noted the resignation and established the vacancy from the date I have just given. Mrs Soullie has resigned from Parliament with effect from 24 March 2011. In accordance with Rule 4(1) and (3), Parliament has noted the resignation and established the vacancy from the date I have just given. In addition, the competent authorities of France have informed me that Mrs Soullie will be replaced by Mr Hortefeux with effect from 24 March 2011. I understand Mr Hortefeux is with us today. Are you in the Chamber, Mr Hortefeux? We do not see him - he is not here.
The preparatory process leading to the conference was particularly complex, with a significant number of countries having serious misgivings about the process in the light of what happened in 2001. Because of their concerns that the conference would be used as a platform for expressions of hatred and intolerance in its most extreme form, several Member States, including my own, decided to withdraw from the conference. These concerns were confirmed by the intervention of one member of the UN at the very beginning of the conference. Not only did we find this totally unacceptable, but it was directly contrary to the very spirit and purpose of the conference.
It is unfortunate, although perhaps inevitable, that this incident and the subsequent walk-out of all Member States as well as other UN members, made the news headlines, overshadowing the consensual adoption of the outcome document. At the same time, I think that the very constructive and solid EU contribution through the preparatory phase of the conference should be fully acknowledged. This was particularly the case in relation to the drafting of the outcome document, in which the EU played a critical role. Despite the distractions to which I have referred, the fact that the final outcome document of the conference respects all the EU red lines represents a considerable achievement.
In 2007 the facts are chilling: 72 million European citizens continue to live in poverty; 8 % of all people in the European Union now suffer from in-work poverty. Those are truly shocking statistics. But what do they actually mean? They mean that one in six citizens is now living below the poverty line - one in six! Many people would not believe that could be possible in 2007. Fifty years after the Treaty of Rome, after 50 years of economic growth, 10 % of people belong to households where nobody has a job! By any measure, poverty remains one of the greatest social problems challenging Europe, and reducing social exclusion must be at the heart of our policies.
The EU has responded quickly, not seeking headlines but with a total focus on getting help to the people in need. On advice from the United Nations, we resisted the urge to travel to Haiti immediately. That would only have diverted attention and scarce resources away from the relief effort. We will, of course, travel to Haiti as soon as it is appropriate, and I have agreed with Commissioner De Gucht that he will travel to Haiti this week to extend the EU's condolences and underline our commitment to the people. He will also take the opportunity to review our aid efforts so far and discuss with the United Nations and our people on the ground the most pressing needs for the weeks a
The road that we have travelled has been long and in some cases difficult, but ultimately I feel that it was worth the effort. The issue at stake is the security of civil aviation. The regulation that we had in force, that has been in force up to now, was adopted in the emotional climate surrounding the attacks on the Twin Towers on 11 September 2001. It had a difficult birth, but was then approved and applied and, while it has had some success in recent years, there have been practical gaps and inadequacies.
'Notes with concern the situation of present and future young pupils in the European Schools in Brussels resulting from the delayed and still pending opening of the fourth school in Laeken and the current enrolment procedure leading to long and unacceptable travelling times for the children; expects the Commission, in cooperation with the Secretariat-General of the European Schools in Brussels, to present a revised enrolment procedure by the end of March 2009 with objective and comprehensible criteria (including the principal residence and already enrolled siblings), which will come into force with the next enrolment period'.
Bearing in mind the lack of trust and suspicion on the part of the peoples of underdeveloped countries towards developed countries and the possible reaction on the part of the peoples of Europe to the constant drain on resources to fund the poor, we have tried to clarify from the start that developing the third world will have significant benefits for the European Union itself in every way: for example, developing jobs may help to address uncontrolled migration and, at the same time, reduce instability in poor countries.
Together, we have succeeded in conveying a clear message, Mr Tajani, which is that we want to move industrial policy closer to the centre of the political arena, for good reason. Industrial policy will help us, firstly, to create good quality, future-proof jobs in Europe and, secondly, to secure investment in Europe. Our competitors all over the world are making good use of industrial policy, for example, in the United States, China, Brazil and India. Thirdly, we are faced with challenges relating to sustainability, both in terms of the climate and the economic and social foundations of our society. Against this background, it is important for us to put industrial policy at the centre of the political arena.
(PL) Madam President, today is the 61st anniversary of Schuman's declaration. Many official celebrations, festivals and parades are taking place to commemorate the anniversary. Do not let the celebratory mood blind us to the problems with which the EU is currently wrestling. Firstly, we must reply to the question whether the national self-interest which has appeared in the negotiations over the next financial perspective is in accordance with the calls for solidarity of our founding fathers? Secondly, are initiatives which reverse European integration, such as the latest initiative to restrict the Schengen area, compatible with the spirit of Europe? Finally, does the current crisis in the euro area and the lack of solidarity of Member States in tackling it present a threat to the success of this ambitious project?
rapporteur. - Mr President, this report is part of the simplification package on company law. It is very important that in the European Union we try to simplify the environment for companies to flourish and to create growth for the European economy. The aim is to diminish administrative burdens as regards publication and translation obligations of certain types of companies. The proposal is part of the wide-ranging administrative burden reduction exercise; it would free up and redirect business resources and thus enhance the competitiveness of European economies.
I would like to pay tribute to the rapporteur, Mr Newton-Dunn, for the way he has guided this proposal through Parliament. I would also like to thank Mr Audy, who drafted the opinion. The two committees, IMCO and COCOBU, worked closely together using the enhanced cooperation mechanism. Their excellent work has enabled a compromise to be brokered between the various political actors. Thanks to the constructive approach of Parliament, a first-reading adoption of this legislation can now be achieved.
Madam President, on 12 January 1999, Mr Wijsenbeek and I are required to attend the Court of Justice in Luxembourg at 9.30 a.m. in proceedings on a question referred for a preliminary ruling on the basis of Article 177 by the District Court in Rotterdam. We are therefore faced with a choice. We would have to leave Strasbourg very early in the morning to travel to Luxembourg and would therefore probably miss the voting, so we must choose whether to go to Luxembourg or stay here to vote. Who should decide? This is a question that I rai
Before your election as President, you were well known as the architect of the Indian space and atomic energy programme, and you enjoy international renown as one of India's most important scientists. Most of your previous life has been devoted to science and technology, and you have always given voice to the view that developing countries should take second place to others when it comes to harvesting the fruits of the most highly-developed technology, because technology - when used rightly - creates growth and can help to improve the day-to-day life of the poor. I do not doubt that this House agrees with your views and is therefore glad that India is participating in the research programmes funded by the EU, collaborating, for example, with us on Galileo.
Alongside the key role you played in promoting science and technology, we were also impressed by your election as President of the Republic of India in 2002, in which you achieved an overwhelming majority with votes from across all party divisions, and that, for you, as a Tamil and a Muslim in a country with a Hindu majority, was no mean achievement; it is evidence of your great ability to bring together people of every background, culture and religion. India is a country of many peoples and religions, and, as the largest democracy in the world, it can encourage new and young democracies.
Ladies and gentlemen, the Conference of Presidents has asked me to make a statement on the events in the Middle East. The debate will take place on Wednesday afternoon in the presence of the Chairman of the Council of Foreign Ministers, Czech Foreign Minister Schwarzenberg. I mention this because it was not quite clear. We have put a lot of effort in and found him very willing to be with us, although he will have to travel to South Africa on the same day, if only for a limited time I would like to take this opportunity to thank the Czech Presidency most sincerely for this.
The Global Approach to Migration, which was adopted by the European Council in December 2005, still forms the basic framework for defining the response to these challenges. On adopting the Global Approach, the European Council underlined the need for a balanced, global and coherent approach, covering policies to combat illegal immigration and, in cooperation with third countries, harness the benefits of legal migration. Implementing the Global Approach has been an essential priority for successive presidencies.
It is amazing to me that, in this modern day and age, thousands of these containers go missing each year, with the great majority of them falling off the ships into our oceans. It is estimated that a staggering 10 000 containers are lost at sea each year. It would appear to us that shipping lines and insurers are quite happy to accept this figure and do nothing about it. In European waters, 2 000 containers a year are lost at sea, and this figure would appear to be rising year on year. These containers are a menace to navigation, they could pollute the seas with both toxic and non-toxic materials, and they leave local authorities with large clean-up costs.
The Transport Committee is now demanding action to reduce this figure and is sending a signal to the maritime industry that we are not prepared to tolerate this state of affairs much longer. The MARIN Institute in the Netherlands found the main reasons for container stack collapses were faulty lashings, overweight containers and faulty stowage. In addition, crews on larger container ships have difficulty in assessing when severe loads are moving forward and/or aft due to weather conditions, which can amplify vertical acceleration in these areas beyond the vessel's actual design specifications.
Madam President, off the subject of aeroplane delays, I wish to apologise for the absence yesterday of my colleague in the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance, Caroline Lucas, who is a British Member. She could not be here because she was arrested yesterday morning during an anti-nuclear demonstration in Glasgow. Although her identity was noted and her position as a Member of the European Parliament was very apparent, she was still held in custody all day. I regard this as absolutely unacceptabl
To those colleagues who voted differently, I must say, in all sincerity, that once he or she has been elected, the President must be everyone's President. A first among equals. The President is merely the instrument of the smooth operation of parliamentary democracy. To remain faithful to my convictions and to the group which nominated me as President, but also to take up the task with rectitude and impartiality, whilst respecting our political or national differences, is how I see my role and its moral code. As Vice-President during the last few years, that was how I always tried to behave. I shall continue in the same spirit.
Mr President, every day more and more of my constituents find it nigh impossible to make ends meet. Then I pick up a report like this and I discover that EUR 1.6 billion of European taxpayers' money has been spent on this edifice that is the European Parliament, then I discover that EUR 9.3 million has been lavished upon the political parties in the European Parliament, and then I look and see a reaffirmation of a commitment to a 30% reduction in carbon emissions by 2020, but not a single mention of the most outrageous emission of all - that which flows from the unnecessary travel to this place, 12 times a year. This report is appalling in what it exposes as regards the conduct of this Parliament.
However, that does not mean we must rest on our laurels. Of course we should be vigilant, and of course we should cut costs. The point made by Mr Allister about the 12 part-sessions a year costing so much money in Strasbourg is, of course, a correct observation. But this decision does not lie in the hands of the European Parliament: it lies in the hands of the Member States, who, unfortunately - in Edinburgh, under the chairmanship of John Major - made it a legal obligation for the European Parliament to come here 12 times a year. I would call on the Member States to reconsider 
Effective prosecution of offenders and the fight against the most alarming manifestations of lawbreaking are not possible without the creation of appropriate tools that the police can use to enforce the law. In the case of a problem such as cross-border crime, the rapid exchange of information between services in individual countries is essential if offenders are to be identified and actions coordinated. DNA databases and digital fingerprint records are a very important tool in the fight against crime. They enable an offender to be identified regardless of where the crime was committed.
Mr President, as we know, this report calls for an extension of the Prüm Treaty into the fight against cross-border terrorism. We all agree on the need to combat terrorism. That goes without saying. We all agree on the need for cross-border cooperation. However, the Prüm Treaty is about the enforced sharing of data, regardless of concerns over the protection and security of that data. Judging by the newspaper stories on the integrity of police forces in certain Member States, we should all be concerned about that sharing of data.
In November last year, here in Strasbourg, when we were discussing the approval of four previous macro-financial assistance proposals regarding other countries, the Commission promised us that, under the Lisbon Treaty and until the adoption of a framework regulation for macro-financial assistance, all future individual proposals for such assistance would be subject to codecision by Parliament and the Council. Now, only six months later, you have in front of you not only a proposal for a codecided decision, but also a first-reading agreement with the Council. In trying to reach that agreement, we were operating under a very tight timetable. Therefore, I would like to express my recognition and gratitude to the Spanish Presidency, the Council and the Commission, as well as to the shadow rapporteurs on the Committee on International Trade and everybody involved, for their positive and constructive approach.
Work on the constitution continues to drag on, and the main actors on the political stage, including the Maoist Unified Communist Party of Nepal, are not ready for compromise, while the army is still surrounded by an atmosphere of secrecy regarding how it is financed and the way it recruits. Meanwhile, at the opposite pole and far from the structures of the state, 30 million citizens are exposed to extreme poverty and illiteracy, and do not have access to electricity or communications. Nepal is stuck in a trap of poverty, and is squandering the natural potential of its strategic geographical location and exceptional natural features. Therefore, we appeal to the Nepalese authorities not to squander the 2008 peace agreement, but to strive consistently for promulgation of the new constitution, which would not only define the rights and responsibilities of citizens, but could become a symbol of a new democratic page in the history of the Federal Democratic Republic of Nepal.
At the end of this term, I should like to pay tribute to the activities of Parliament's Baltic Europe Intergroup, which has drawn practical conclusions from the last enlargement, with the Baltic Sea becoming, in fact, the Union's internal sea. It has initiated a new European policy - the Baltic Sea strategy. We can be truly satisfied that, under the creative and skilful leadership of Christopher Beazley, the Baltic Sea strategy has won the support of the Commission and will soon be introduced by the Swedish Presidency. Therefore, I strongly suggest that the activities of this intergroup be continued in the next European Parliament.
(DE) Mr President, last weekend the Irish press revealed that there may be a link between those who funded the 'no' campaign in Ireland and the Washington Pentagon and the CIA. That was a very interesting story, the reason given being a desire to stop Europe becoming too strong. I wish to ask the President to investigate the matter. We should also ask the Council - the Council and the Commission - to provide us with information about this at the next opportunity, for it would certainly be interesting to find out the truth behind this whole shady 'no' campaign in Ireland that received EUR 1.2 million in funding. I therefore ask the President to pursue this matter so that we obtain information and uncover the background to this story.
When we hear numerous references to solidarity from our fellow Members, a word they seem to use in every second sentence, while going over their allotted time by at least twenty to thirty seconds, then I would contend that this flies in the face of their expressions of solidarity. I would ask you to take my request to the Conference of Presidents and that the otherwise esteemed previous speaker should try to keep to his allotted speaking time in future. That way, we will not lose so much time. It would then be possible to allow one or other of my fellow Members to speak using the catch-the-eye procedure, without restricting them to a minimal amount of time.
Madam President, this is a language problem about yesterday's minutes. Paragraph e) of the French version of yesterday's minutes, on transatlantic relations and the Echelon system, translates the English expression 'STOA studies' as if it read 'STOA report' . STOA prepares studies, not reports, which are the preserve of parliamentary committees. I should therefore like the French translation service to get into the habit of referring to STOA studies and not reports, so that European Parliament committees can hold on to their independence and powers.
Madam President, I would just like to make a brief statement to inform the Parliament and my fellow Members that, although the Portuguese Government subscribes to Christian principles, we have seen the current demonstrations by farmers who have been brought to the verge of bankruptcy following several years of bad harvests met with armoured vehicles, helicopters, storm troops and dogs. If this really is the humanism of my Government, I must protest. I have always been involved with agriculture; I have myself participated in lawful, pea
For lenders, a more integrated market would offer greater economies of scale, reduce costs and lower rates for the borrower. On the other hand, local culture and traditions have shaped the products available and consumers will not want any diminution of existing consumer protection standards. Full harmonisation would be expensive for the industry and could limit the range of products it offers. The industry is highly competitive within most of our Member States, so we must not take heavy-handed action that might damage this booming sector. We want to see a European m
Madam President, this question is central to the future cultural economy of Europe. Despite the existence of the Directive on copyright in the information society the situation in terms of the collective management of copyright and related rights for online services is extremely complex, particularly because of the territorial nature of copyright law and the absence of a pan-European licensing system. This situation has been made even more complicated by the lack of a coherent policy on the part of the European Commission, with the Directorate-General responsible for the single market and copyright, on the one hand, and the DG for competition policy, on the other, often acting for their own account and without any overall view of the sector concerned, especially as regards the interests of the creative talents of Europe.
In fact, by refusing to legislate and also by ignoring the different resolutions adopted by Parliament and opting instead to attempt to regulate this sector by way of recommendations and administrative decisions the Internal Market and Services Directorate-General has created a climate of legal uncertainty. Against this background we now have the Directorate-General for Competition starting legal proceedings against a player in this sector that was only trying to act in compliance with the Commission recommendation of 2005.
The Commission wishes to express its compassion for the victims of this human disaster and its anger in the face of this tragedy. It was doubtless caused by many factors, but the primary responsibility must lie with those criminal organisations that are directing this deadly illegal traffic from the coasts of Libya and who are growing rich at the cost of human misery. The Commission finds it intolerable that this phenomenon, which seems to be intensifying over the course of the years, continues to grow. It invites all the parties concerned to mobilise their efforts to bring it to an end.
Libya has an essential role to play here. It must make a more determined and effective commitment to the fight against the traffickers operating on its territory, to the prevention of illegal departures from its coasts, to the search and rescue of ships in distress in the waters under its control, and to the offer of international protection to those migrants who require it, in accordance with its obligations under the 1969 OAU convention on the protection of refugees, to which it is a signatory.
Ladies and gentlemen, a terrible fire broke out in the Mont Blanc tunnel on 24 March killing at least 40 people, some of whom have yet to be identified. The scale of this tragedy caused great dismay not only in France and Italy, but throughout the European Union. Although it occurred some weeks ago, I am sure I am speaking for all of us in expressing our sorrow at these deaths and our sympathy for the victims' families. We hope that the investigations being carried out will prevent such tragedies from occurring in the future.
A proposal for legislation on the statute of the company was formally requested in February 2007, on the basis of Article 192 of the Treaty and - as I would like to stress, and I would ask the Commissioner to listen because this is a very important oral question, Mr President, to which an answer must be given - after a thorough debate, together with a hearing with qualified and representative experts who showed us how necessary such an instrument was and how useful it would be in fostering small enterprises keen to operate effectively in the internal market.
Member of the Commission. - It is in its European Economic Recovery Plan - which has, by the way, been endorsed by Parliament and the Council - that the Commission supports the promotion of the rapid take-up of green products. It has, among other things, proposed reduced VAT rates for green products and services aimed at improving the energy efficiency of buildings in particular. Furthermore, the Commission encourages Member States to provide further incentives to consumers to stimulate demand for environmentally-friendly products.
The framework decision will be very important for criminal justice in the EU. It promotes the principle of mutual recognition, ensures that the rights of the defence and guarantees of the accused are strengthened, makes the enforcement of decisions rendered in absentia quicker and more effective, and helps to combat crime in Europe. The future framework decision will also help to strengthen the primacy of the law and the rule of law, and promote European integration. The strong consensus obtained in the LIBE Committee was crucial and should be reiterated here and now. Thank you everyone.
As far as the European Works Council is concerned, the Commission believes that in order to improve the legal framework of the European Works Council action at Community level is required. European Works Councils are not automatically consulted on instances of restructuring. In addition, there is legal uncertainty surrounding the implementation of the Directive, and it is necessary to ensure a better link between the information and consultation of workers at national and supranational levels and between the relevant Directives.
As you know, on 20 February the Commission launched a second consultation with the social partners regarding the revision of the Directive. In doing so, the Commission suggested several approaches the Directive could take with a view to solving the aforementioned issues. These relate primarily to changing the definitions, strengthening the rules to be applied where is no agreement, employee training, amendments to the agreements in the case of significant changes such as mergers, and implementation of an agreed system for mutual dialogue at national and supranational levels.
Madam President, I welcome the fact that this report looks at what can be done at European level to stimulate the economies, whilst I recognise that most of the instruments to do so remain at national level: 99% of public expenditure is national, not European; most regulation is national, not European. But if we look at what we can do at European level, the plan proposed by the Commission for a EUR 30 billion contribution, including advance payments from Structural Funds and new loans from the European Investment Bank, can and will make a real contribution to coming out of this crisis.
