Anubis, or Inpu, was an Egyptian god of the afterlife. To get the treasure between Anubis' ears, dig out the two columns to the left of the mummy and stand on top of the mummy. Move left off the mummy while digging right. The mummy should fall into the hole in the right most column. Now dig out the left two columns until you connect to the ladder-eye. Move down from the right most ladder of the eye and you will fall to the pole below. To get the treasure inside the right ear, dig out the higher of the two-block columns, falling onto the right two-block column. Move to the left and dig the second two-block column. Now move to the right and dig out the one-block column, freeing the mummy. Move one more to the right and dig out three blocks so that you have a two block wide ledge to stand on. Move left and dig out the square to your right. Wait for the mummy to fall, get his treasure, and race up the ladder to confront five mummies blocking the exit.
Unfortunately, there is a drawback on volume accounting. & kppp; will only count the number of bytes, regardless of their origin. Many providers set their limit only for Internet access, and not for data on their own network. Some providers set different limits for data that is on their own network, in the same country, and coming from overseas. So, if you're doing not much websurfing, and getting most of your pages from your ISP's own proxy cache, then your provider is probably not charging you for that data. & kppp; will not know these IP packets are coming from the proxy, and so it will count them. So if you this situation applies to you, or, as another example, your provider uses a caching news server such as nntpcached, then the volume reported by & kppp; may be higher than the amount you are going to be billed for. On the bright side, at least & kppp; will never underestimate your bills.
The first page of the Setup Wizard allows you to choose the starting geographic location, by selecting from the list of the 2500+ known locations on the right side of the window. The list of locations can be filtered to match the text you enter in the City, Province, and Country edit boxes. If your desired location is not present in the list, you can select a nearby city instead for now. Later on, you can add your precise location manually using the Set Geographic Location tool. Once you have selected a starting location, press the Next button.
& control-center; & base-kde-applications; & extragear-applications; Multimedia With & kde; & removable-disks; & playing-music; & playing-audiocds; & playing-movies; kde; the Multiuser Desktop & your-kde-account; & kde-as-root; & switching-sessions; Networking with & kde; & file-sharing; & networking-with-windows; & shared-sessions; Graphics, Printing, and Fonts & printer-setup; & printing-from-apps; & pdf-files; & font-installation; & creating-graphics; & customizing-desktop; & konsole-intro; & kde-edutainment; & accessibility; & under-the-hood;
Paul had to retire from the development team in Summer 2002 but, as Free and Open Source Software, the program continues to improve and evolve and is being maintained by a group of developers from different parts of the world. In September 2002 the project changed its name from UML; Modeller, to & umbrello;. There are several reasons for the change of names, the most important ones being that just uml & mdash; as it was commonly known & mdash; was a much too generic name and caused problems with some distributions. The other important reason is that the developers think Umbrello is a much cooler name.
Name / Address field Here you can enter the host name or address. The host may be specified in a number of ways: single host This is the most common format. You may specify a host either by an abbreviated name recognized by the resolver, the fully qualified domain name, or an IP address. netgroups NIS netgroups may be given as @group. Only the host part of each netgroup members is consider in checking for membership. Empty host parts or those containing a single dash (-) are ignored. wildcards Machine names may contain the wildcard characters * and?. This can be used to make the exports file more compact; for instance, *. cs. foo. edu matches all hosts in the domain cs. foo. edu. However, these wildcard characters do not match the dots in a domain name, so the above pattern does not include hosts such as a. b. cs. foo. edu. IP networks You can also export directories to all hosts on an IP (sub-) network simultaneously. This is done by specifying an IP address and netmask pair as address/ netmask where the netmask can be specified in dotted-decimal format, or as a contiguous mask length (for example, either ` / 255.255.252.0 'or ` / 22' appended to the network base address result in identical subnetworks with 10 bits of host).
The user who owns this process. If the effective, setuid etc user is different, the user who owns the process will be shown, followed by the effective user. The ToolTip contains the full information. Login Name/ GroupThe username of the Real User/ Group who created this processEffective User/ GroupThe process is running with privileges of the Effective User/ Group. This is shown if different from the real user. Setuid User/ GroupThe saved username of the binary. The process can escalate its Effective User/ Group to the Setuid User/ Group. File System User/ GroupAccesses to the filesystem are checked with the File System User/ Group. This is a Linux specific call. See setfsuid(2) for more information.
The Anti-Virus Wizard basically works exactly as the Anti-Spam Wizard. Here are the details of how the wizard works: & kmail; can use several external tools to detect messages containing viruses; it will try to automatically find out which of those tools are installed on your box and will show you the result of the search for each tool. You can mark the tools which you want to be used by & kmail; to detect viruses; marking tools which were not found is not possible because the appropriate checkboxes are disabled. Of course, you can close the wizard, install a tool, and restart the wizard again.
An invitation creates a one-time password that allows the receiver to connect to your desktop. It is valid for only one successful connection and will expire after an hour if it has not been used. When somebody connects to your computer a dialog will appear and ask you for permission. The connection will not be established before you accept it. In this dialog you can also restrict the other person to view your desktop only, without the ability to move your mouse pointer or press keys. If you want to create a permanent password for Desktop Sharing, allow'Uninvited Connections' in the configuration.
Even if you have set up your system to use sudo, or you are on a distribution that uses sudo, such as & kubuntu;, you should still use & kdesu;. The program will be appropriately modified by the developers to use the correct settings. You should not, however, ever use sudo application to run an application with root permissions; it can derange permissions of certain configuration files for a program. Running a graphical applications as root in general is not a good idea, but using & kdesu; will always be your safest bet with it.
Clicking on the icon with the & RMB; will bring up a menu. At the top of the menu there are three menu items. Here, you can select what kind of tea you are preparing to drink. There are: Black Tea, Earl Grey, and Fruit Tea. These teas are preconfigured with a default time. Many people have complained that the times are not correct. Please be aware that the amount of time it takes to steep a cup of tea is based on personal preference. The times chosen are approximations. If you read on, you will learn how to change or delete these predefined times and to set your own time. A quick-and-easy way to set a custom time is to choose Anonymous... from the menu.
Note that I originally developed this game under & Windows; with Borland C++ and WinG. I ported it to & Java; before converting back to C++ and & kde;. At the beginning I used French or a mix of French and English to name the identifiers (classnames, methods, members, & etc;). I also used French for the comments. When I decided to distribute this game, I decided to convert all to english... but I am clearly not a native English speaker: please suggest or make and submit corrections, to the code comments or to this documentation
Unified: the most used format for exchanging patches. The unified format uses context lines in addition to line numbers to record the differences. This makes the process of applying patches more robust. This format displays the differences in a compact and readable form, with a header for each file involved, and separate sections (chunks) for each difference. The context lines available for each difference make reading the modifications easier. In the unified output format, the characters + and - mark the changes.
The file specified by the AccessFile option provides information which & kdm; uses to control access from displays requesting service via & XDMCP;. The file contains four types of entries: entries which control the response to Direct and Broadcast queries, entries which control the response to Indirect queries, macro definitions, and entries which control on which network interfaces & kdm; listens for & XDMCP; queries. Blank lines are ignored, # is treated as a comment delimiter causing the rest of that line to be ignored, and\\ causes an immediately following newline to be ignored, allowing host lists to span multiple lines.
From this dialog you are able to export transactions to a quicken compatible file, (known as a QIF file, because of the extension). Please enter the path to the QIF file or select it by clicking on the Browse button. You can choose the file's path, the account and the format of the QIF file (profile). Choose Account to export all the transactions between the specified dates or just categories. You can also limit the transactions that are exported by start and ending date. Once you have pressed the Export button a message box will appear when the export has completed detailing how many transactions, categories and payees were exported.
Each condition consists of 2 drop-down lists and a text field. In the first list you chose the part of the message which should be used for the condition & mdash; this part will be compared with the text field; the second drop-down list tells & knode; how it is to be compared, for example, whether the chosen header should be identical to the text entered in the text field, or if it just needs to match part of it. Regular expressions are allowed, too. If you check Not then the conditions under which the condition is satisfied are reversed, and the condition will be satisfied if the opposite of its shown conditions is true.
Access permissions # Access permissions for each directory served by the scheduler. Locations are relative to DocumentRoot... # AuthType: the authorization to use: # None - Perform no authentication Basic - Perform authentication using the HTTP Basic method. Digest - Perform authentication using the HTTP Digest method. # (Note: local certificate authentication can be substituted by the client for Basic or Digest when connecting to the localhost interface) # AuthClass: the authorization class; currently only Anonymous, User, System (valid user belonging to group SystemGroup), and Group (valid user belonging to the specified group) are supported. # AuthGroupName: the group name for "Group" authorization. # Order: the order of Allow/ Deny processing. # Allow: allows access from the specified hostname, domain, IP address, or network. # Deny: denies access from the specified hostname, domain, IP address, or network. # Both "Allow" and "Deny" accept the following notations for addresses: # All None *. domain. com. domain. com host. domain. com nnn. * nnn. nnn. * nnn. nnn. nnn. * nnn. nnn. nnn. nnn nnn. nnn. nnn. nnn/ mm nnn. nnn. nnn. nnn/ mmm. mmm. mmm. mmm # The host and domain address require that you enable hostname lookups with "HostNameLookups On" above. # Encryption: whether or not to use encryption; this depends on having the OpenSSL library linked into the CUPS library and scheduler. # Possible values: # Always - Always use encryption (SSL) Never - Never use encryption Required - Use TLS encryption upgrade IfRequested - Use encryption if the server requests it # The default value is "IfRequested".
Each cell can be filled with a display for one or more sensors. You can fill a cell by dragging a sensor from the sensor browser and dropping it over the cell. If there is more than one type of display available for that type of sensor, a popup menu will appear. You can then select which display you prefer to use. Certain types of displays can display more than one sensor. Add more sensors to a display by dragging them over from the sensor browser and dropping them over the already existing display.
Welcome to & marble;, a small interactive globe and geographical atlas that puts the world at your fingertips. Just like a real atlas or a conventional globe & marble; allows you to freely move across its map and lookup places. Furthermore & marble; allows you to zoom in and have many different views on the surface of the Earth. In its default configuration & marble; offers 11 different views: Atlas, OpenStreetMap, Satellite View, Earth at Night, Historical Map 1689, Moon, Plain Map, Precipitation (December), Precipitation (July), Temperature (December) and Temperature (July).
Preloading refers to loading an instance of & konqueror; into memory before a user asks to start & konqueror;. The positive effect of this is that when a user asks & kde; to load & konqueror; the window appears instantly because most of the application has been preloaded. The negative effect is that this instance of & konqueror; uses memory that could be used by other programs. By default, when a user closes & konqueror;, & kde; does not close the instance. This means that the next time a user wants & konqueror; loaded, it is nearly instantanous again.
In order to be able to create HTML messages you first have to enable the markup tools. To do this enable Formatting (HTML) in the Options menu. A toolbar with several tools to format the message will appear. Via the drop down box you can select between standard text and six different types of lists (three bulleted lists with different symbols and three numbered lists with different numbering). Moreover, you can select the font family, the font size, the font style (bold, italic, underlined) and the text color. Last but not least, you can select the alignment of the text (left aligned, centered, right aligned).
Correct the nonlinearity introduced by blending multiple dabs on top of each other. This correction should get you a linear ("natural") pressure response when pressure is mapped to opaque_multiply, as it is usually done. 0.9 is good for standard strokes, set it smaller if your brush scatters a lot, or higher if you use dabs_per_second. 0.0 the opaque value above is for the individual dabs 1.0 the opaque value above is for the final brush stroke, assuming each pixel gets (dabs_per_radius*2) brushdabs on average during a stroke
With ActionMan you can set up, configure and manage UserActions. Some general settings are configured with Konfigurator. With UserActions you can perform actions on files in the panel or to access & krusader; internal functions with parameters directly using placeholders. The actions integrate seamlessly into & kde; 's action system, which means that the standard Edit Toolbar and Edit Shortcut dialogs will show UserActions, too. The UserActions are stored in ~/. kde/ share/ apps/ krusader/ useraction. xml (the file structure is documentated in doxygen headers of UserActionXML). Several examples are included in the documentation. UserActions can be edited / added / imported / exported by using ActionMan. The default UserActions are stored in ~/. kde/ share/ apps/ krusader/ useraction-examples. xml. UserActions can appear nearly everywhere where "normal" KActions can be placed. The actions can even be placed in the menu bar, but for that the krusaderui. rc file must be edited. A few examples:
There are a number of ways to create a new Album. You can create a new Album when you upload new photographs from the Camera using the Camera Tool. You can also create a new empty Album by clicking the New button on the tool bar. As an additional option, you can create a new Album by importing an existing folder of photographs from your computer; just select Import Add Folders... from the menu bar and select the folder that you want to import. An Album will be created with the same name as the hard disk folder. You can use drag and drop to import a folder. Drag a folder icon, for example from a & konqueror; window. Then drop it on the album list on the left. A menu will appear that gives you the option to move or copy the folder into & digikam;.
This may sound odd, (why playing a trumpet when the song is made to play a piano?), but it is very useful. The GM standard specifies that when a midi keyboard receives an event to change patch to 0, it will change the current patch to Grand Piano, but older synthesizer will change for example to a Electric Guitar when it receives a 0. This old keyboard, needed to receive a 3 (for example) to change to a Piano. And here comes the midi map in action, changing all change patch to 0 to change patch to 3 and thus really playing the correct instrument when it has to.
****** Summary ****** deKorator is a kwin engine that takes several user-defined images and presents them as a window decoration. deKorator expects to find those in a theme. Here is a guide for building such a theme. ****** In the package ****** deKorator comes with: * default-theme - Used by default, illustrates some of deKorator's features. * ugly-theme - Its purpose is to understand the way deKorator paints the decorations. * template-theme - this theme is meant to be a template theme for other themes, this theme features all possible buttons. * Bushido-Yellow-theme - shows how masking can be done. ****** Names ****** deKorator expects the same directory structure and file names as the ones in default-theme. Every theme file should end with "-theme" (as in "default- theme"), and should contain all the folders that are in default-theme (deco, buttons, masks). ****** Sizes ****** deKorator determines the 4 borders' sizes from: _BAR_Property \t\t\t_BAR_Source\t\t\t\t_BAR_ ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ _BAR_the left border width \t\t_BAR_midLeftFrameBg's width\t\t_BAR_ _BAR_the right border width \t\t_BAR_midRightFrameBg's width\t_BAR_ _BAR_the top bar height \t\t_BAR_midTitleBg's height \t\t_BAR_ _BAR_the bottom border height\t_BAR_midBottomFrameBg's height\t_BAR_ All parts that build up a specific border should have the same width or height, as appropriate. An example follows for a window decoration with a 10px high top bar, a 20px wide left border, a 30px wide right border and a 40px high bottom border. All tiles in the top bar should be 10 pixels high: * topLeftCornerBg * leftButtonsBg * leftTitleBg * midTitleBg * rightTitleBg * rightButtonsBg * topRightCornerBg All tiles in the left border should be 20 pixels wide: * topLeftFrameBg * midLeftFrameBg * bottomLeftFrameBg All tiles in the right border should be 30 pixels wide: * topRightFrameBg * midRightFrameBg * bottomRightFrameBg All tiles in the bottom border should be 40 pixels high: * leftBottomFrameBg * midBottomFrameBg * rightBottomFrameBg The corner tiles should fit into the tile grid: Tile Height Width topLeftCornerBg 10 20 topRightCornerBg 10 30 leftBottomFrameBg 40 20 rightBottomFrameBg 40 30 ****** Buttons ****** The button images are separated into background and foreground ones. ***** Background ***** The button background uses the leftButtonsBg and the rightButtonsBg tiles. Their height should be the same as the top bar's. The background is repeated horizontally to fit the buttons in. ***** Foreground ***** The width is determined by the button width. This way theme makers can put the buttons as close as they wish. To make space between buttons you can add transparent pixels to the right and left. A button with a smaller height than the top bar's gets centered vertically. To place the button in a custom height use transparent pixels, too. ****** Masks ****** Masks contain only black and white. Black pixels are subtracted from the decoration. ****** Image format ****** All images should be in PNG format. ****** Tips and Tricks ****** Always start up building your theme from the template-theme.
Clockwise means clockwise when you are looking directly at that face. That is easy enough with the UFR faces you can see, but the faces you cannot see appear to move anti-clockwise when you use DBL moves. That is because you are looking at them from behind. On & kubrick; 's Back View, the DBL moves will be seen to go clockwise, as expected. Rather than trying to imagine yourself looking at the back of the cube when making DBL moves, it might be easier to think of them going anti-clockwise in the normal Front View.
Blue book CD K3b will create a multisession CD with 2 sessions. The first session will contain all audio tracks and the second session will contain a mode 2 form 1 data track. This mode is based on the Blue book standard (also known as Extended Audio CD, CD-Extra, or CD Plus) and has the advantage that a hifi audio CD player will only recognize the first session and ignore the second session with the data track. If the CD is intended to be used in a hifi audio CD player this is the recommended mode. Some older CD-ROMs may have problems reading a blue book CD since it is a multisession CD.
Use the Properties item to open the Message Part Properties dialog. The first field contains the attachment's & MIME; type. Just like the Name field, it should be automatically filled with an appropriate value. Sometimes the & MIME; type value may be wrong. You can then type in any & MIME; type or choose from the list of common & MIME; types. You can also select an encoding method for your file from the list of encoding options (normally, the default value works fine). Check the Suggest automatic display option if you want to suggest to the recipient the automatic (inline) display of this attachment. Whether this works or not depends on the recipient's email client and on his settings.
& keurocalc; never guarantees the exactness of the exchange rates nor the accuracy of the result. You are always invited to verify your computations by some other means. As the license agreement states, there's no liability of the authors if the results are not correct or as expected. Also, please notice that the variable exchange rates are downloaded in an unencrypted and therefore insecure manner from the data sources (European Central Bank and New York Federal Reserve Bank). Some man-in-the-middle attacker may confuse & keurocalc; by forging exchange rates. More simply, a transmission error is always possible.
Enabling Allow automatic delayed reloading/ redirecting allows websites to send you to another page without your interaction. In many cases, this is a convenience. For example, the website has moved to a new URL. Many webmasters in this situation will put up a page on the old site, telling you that it has moved and you may like to change your bookmark, and then automatically move you along to the new website. However, such features can be confusing, or annoying, when misused, and so you may wish to disable it.
All stars radiate light over a broad range of frequencies in the electromagnetic spectrum from the low energy radio waves up to the highly energetic gamma rays. A star that emits predominately in the ultra-violet region of the spectrum produces a total amount of energy magnitudes larger than that produced in a star that emits principally in the infrared. Therefore, luminosity is a measure of energy emitted by a star over all wavelengths. The relationship between wavelength and energy was quantified by Einstein as E = h * v where v is the frequency, h is the Planck constant, and E is the photon energy in joules. That is, shorter wavelengths (and thus higher frequencies) correspond to higher energies.
You can receive a public key as an attachment or via http, ftp or a floppy. Before you can use this key to encrypt a message to the owner of the key, you should verify the key (check its fingerprint or look for trusted signatures); then, you can add this key to your public keyring by typing pgp -ka filename at the command line (if you are using PGP) or by typing gpg --import filename at the command line (if you are using GnuPG). If the key is not certified with a trusted signature you cannot use it to encrypt messages unless you have signed the key with your key.
PPD-O-Matic is a set of Perl scripts that run on the Linuxprinting. org web server and can be used online to generate PPDs for any printer that is known to print with Ghostscript. These PPDs can be hooked up to & CUPS; /KDEPrint, as well as used inside PPD-aware applications like StarOffice to determine all different parameters of your printjobs. It is now recommended, in most cases, to use "PPD-O-Matic" instead of the older & CUPS; -O-Matic. To generate a PPD, go to the printer database, select your printer model, follow the link to show the available Ghostscript filters for that printer, select one, click "generate" and finally save the file to your local system. Be sure to read the instructions. Make sure that your local system does indeed have Ghostscript and the filter, which you chose before generating the PPD, installed.
If you are playing music through an external synthesizer, and it is not GM compliant, you will need to make a midi map for your midi keyboard. Although you will perhaps be a whole afternoon doing your map file and trying different values for all the options, you will be fully rewarded when you finish it, because then you will find all the hidden possibilities of your keyboard. For example, I have a low-cost Yamaha PSS-790, which is not GM compatible, and does n't has as many instruments as a GM synthesizer, but with & kmid; 's midi mapper, it sounds even better than many soundcards (including AWE: -)), due to the sound quality found in external synths (even on non GM compliant ones).
This means that & kppp; does n't have permissions to open the modem device or that you selected a modem device on the Modem Tab Dialog that is not valid. First make sure you selected the right modem device. Once you are sure you have selected the right modem device, you must give & kppp; the right permission to access the modem device and to be able to modify / etc/ resolv. conf in case you want & kppp; to configure DNS correctly for you. If you can afford to run & kppp; setuid root this would solve all access problems for you, if not you will have to figure out what the right permissions are for your purposes. In order to give & kppp; setuid root permissions do the following:
& kstars; displays thousands of celestial objects: stars, planets, comets, asteroids, clusters, nebulae and galaxies. You can interact with displayed objects to perform actions on them or obtain more information about them. Clicking on an object will identify it in the status bar, and simply hovering the mouse cursor on an object will label it temporarily in the map. Double-clicking will recenter the display on the object and begin tracking it (so that it will remain centered as time passes). Right clicking an object opens the object's popup menu, which provides more options.
This plugin checks the current file. A list of warnings and errors will appears at the bottom of & kate; 's main window. You can click on an error message to jump to the corresponding place in the file. If the file has a DOCTYPE the DTD given with this doctype will be used to check the file for validity. The DTD is expected at a position relative to the current file, & eg; if the doctype refers to DTD/ xhtml1-transitional. dtd and the file is / home/ peter/ test. xml the DTD is expected to be located at / home/ peter/ DTD/ xhtml1-transitional. dtd. However, remote DTDs specified via http are supported.
Select whether realtime scheduling should be enabled for the application. The scheduler governs which process will run and which will have to wait. Two schedulers are available: Normal: This is the standard, timesharing scheduler. It will divide fairly the available processing time between all processes. Realtime: This scheduler will run your application uninterrupted until it gives up the processor. This can be dangerous. An application that does not give up the processor might hang the system. You need root's password to use the scheduler.
Saturation: Slider to control the saturation value for all colors used. The saturation value adjusts the saturation of the colors in an image, similar to the color knob on your television. The color saturation value can range from 0 to 200. On inkjet printers, a higher saturation value uses more ink. On laserjet printers, a higher saturation uses more toner. A color saturation of 0 produces a black-and-white print, while a value of 200 will make the colors extremely intense. Additional hint for power users: This KDEPrint GUI element corresponds to the CUPS command line job option parameter: -o saturation=... # use range from "0" to "200"
Bracket completion is a visual tool that the editor view uses to indicate you which bracket matches which. If you open any. tex file, and select any bracket, whether it be a parenthesis (), square brackets [] or braces {}, the editor will highlight the bracket and its match in yellow (this default color can be changed). So, for example, if you position the cursor on the braces in \\section{Introduction}, you would see \\section{Introduction} in the default yellow highlight, showing you the location of the beginning and ending brackets.
This directory contains documentation for & kde; applications. Documentation is categorized by language and the application it belongs to. Normally at least two files can be found in a directory: index. docbook, which contains the documentation in the unformatted DocBook format, and index. cache. bz2, which contains the same documentation formatted as bzip2 -compressed & HTML;. The & HTML; version is used by & khelpcenter;. If the & HTML; version is missing, & khelpcenter; will regenerate it from the DocBook version but this is a time-consuming process.
However, & kstars; is not just for students. You can control telescopes and cameras with & kstars;, using the elegant and powerful INDI protocol. & kstars; supports several popular telescopes including Meade's LX200 family and Celestron GPS. Several popular CCD cameras, webcams, and computerized focusers are also supported. Simple slew/ track commands are integrated directly into the main window's popup menu, and the INDI Control Panel provides full access to all of your telescope's functions. INDI's Client/ Server architecture allows for seamless control of any number of local or remote telescopes using a single & kstars; session.
You can use derived values to combine values from multiple fields into a single value. Just check the derived value box and use a value template similar to "Value: %{fielda}%{fieldb}" where %{...} gets replaced with the appropriate field value. This is useful to collect multiple values in a single field, & eg; for better grouping, and to combine fields of different types by respecting proper sorting at the same time. Consider for example a number field followed by a text subfield with entries 3b, 14a.
Linuxprinting. org = not just for Linux; all & UNIX; -like OS-es, like *BSD and commercial Unices may find useful printing information on this site. This web site is the home for the interesting Foomatic project, that strives to develop the "Meta Print Spool and Driver Configuration Toolset" (being able to configure, through one common interface, different print subsystems and their required drivers) with the ability to transfer all queues, printers and configuration files seamlessly to another spooler without new configuration effort. -- Also, they maintain the Printing Database; a collection of driver and device information that enables everybody to find the most current information about printer models, and also generate online the configuration files for any spooler/ driver/ device combo known to work with one of the common Linux or & UNIX; print subsystems.
The & kde; Edutainment Project offers children, families, and teachers some educational programs. You can find applications to help you improve your language skills and train your vocabulary, like & kvoctrain; and & kwordquiz;; or Scientific programs, like the very advanced & kstars; (a planetarium) and & kig; (interactive geometry), which will bring you to the edge of knowledge. Have fun learning touch-typing with & ktouch;. Teachers will find an easy way to make their lessons with & keduca;. You can find a complete list of & kde; educational software on the KDE-Edu website. What follows is an overview of a few of them.
The minimum requirement for a level to be playable is to have a hero who is standing on something at the top of the playing area, but that is a trivial case. More realistically, you could have a maze to solve and some visible ladders leading to the top of the playing area, but no gold. You do not have to have enemies, gold, bars, hidden ladders or even bricks. There are many challenging levels that have no enemies or no bricks, however most levels have at least one gold, some enemies and some hidden ladders that appear when the last gold is collected.
By default, the images are stored in the collection data file, keeping everything contained in one location. However, too many images will cause & appname; to slow down significantly as well result in a very large data file. Alternatively, & appname; can save the images separately, either in the $KDEHOME / share/ apps/ tellico/ data/ folder or in a folder in the same location as the data file. Loading and saving data files is much faster if images are stored separately, but the data files are no longer portable or archivable. Self-contained data files can always be created by using the File Export Export to Zip... menu item.
The Pyramid of Djoser (Zoser), or step pyramid (kbhw-ntrw in Egyptian) is an archeological remain in the Saqqara necropolis, Egypt, northwest of the city of Memphis. To complete this level, it is important to proceed in steps: first free the mummy on the left side of the second level (from the bottom), allowing it to drop into and fill the hidden pit on the ground level. Now enter the right side of the second level and move across the pole, over the mummy, and get the piece of treasure in the middle, being sure to dig out the brick to the left of the middle. The mummy on the third level is a bit problematic because it will take a piece of treasure and carry it. You may get lucky and find that it abandons its treasure at some point, but you can also trap him in the one diggable brick on the right with careful timing. Finally, before getting the last piece of treasure, be sure to open the bottom right of the step pyramid to allow the mummies on the right to enter the pyramid - if there is more than one mummy on the bottom right before the escape ladder appears, you will be unable to reach the exit.
& kmag; is a screen magnifier for the K Desktop Environment (kde;). It can be used to magnify a part of the screen. This application can be useful to various people: People with low vision can use this application to magnify a part of the screen which they are unable to view clearly, artists can use this application to zoom into the graphics they produce and verify it at the pixel level, image-processing researchers can use this application to zoom into images and study them closely. Other than these, & kmag; can be used for various other purposes & eg; is possible to use the application for grabbing a portion of the screen and saving it to the disk (with an option of zooming the screen captured).
Last example: of course, you're very interested in every article that refers to & knode;. Choose the header entry Subject, then contains substring and enter knode in the text field. But what do you do if & knode; is not mentioned in the Subject? I suggest using a regular expression: change contains substring to matches regular expression and type knode_BAR_newsreader_BAR_usenet into the text field to match either knode, newsreader or usenet & mdash; the _BAR_ symbol means OR. Alternatively, you can make 3 conditions & mdash; one that matches knode, one that matches newsreader and so on & mdash; and choose Match any condition; but, this needs a lot of space and it is not very elegant, is it?
customMenuClicked: submenu itemTitle paths Returns the paths to selected files in the playlist when the custom playlist context menu item is clicked. The submenu and itemTitle are also returned for identification purposes in case a script is listening for multiple notifications. To insert an item into the context menu use the DCOP call'dcop amarok script addCustomMenuItem( submenu itemTitle) '. To remove an item from the context menu use the DCOP call'dcop amarok script removeCustomMenuItem( submenu itemTitle)'.
More advanced use is to dump out profile data whenever a given function of your application is called. E. g. for & konqueror;, to see profile data only for the rendering of a Web page, you could decide to dump the data whenever you select the menu item View Reload. This corresponds to a call to KonqMainWindow: :slotReload. Use: valgrind --tool=callgrind --dump-before=KonqMainWindow: :slotReload konqueror This will produce multiple profile data files with an additional sequential number at the end of the filename. A file without such an number at the end (only ending in the process PID) will also be produced; by loading this file into & kcachegrind;, all others are loaded too, and can be seen in the Parts Overview and Parts list.
The desktop is in fact another containment. One that does n't put size constraints on the applets. Applets can be moved and sized freely. On the unlocked desktop, & plasmoids; will show a frame when you move the mouse over them. This applet handle allows you to move, resize, relocate and realign the panel. It also allows you to drag Plasmoids on the desktop. The buttons in the corner are used to resize, rotate configure and remove the applet. When rotated, a & plasmoid; will act magnetic towards 12 o'clock, so it's easy to get them back into sensible position. By default, most applets keep their aspect ratio when they are being resized. If you want to freely resize an applet, hold the & Ctrl; key pressed while resizing.
Read the comment on the "Type'Hello '" action first.\\ Qt Designer uses Ctrl+F4 for closing windows. In KDE, however, Ctrl+F4 is the shortcut for going to virtual desktop 4, so this shortcut does not work in QT Designer. Further, Qt Designer does not use KDE's standard Ctrl+W for closing the window.\\ This problem can be solved by remapping Ctrl+W to Ctrl+F4 when the active window is Qt Designer. When Qt Designer is active, every time Ctrl+W is pressed, Ctrl+F4 will be sent to Qt Designer instead. In other applications, the effect of Ctrl+W is unchanged.\\ We now need to specify three things: A new shortcut trigger on'Ctrl+W', a new keyboard input action sending Ctrl+F4, and a new condition that the active window is Qt Designer.\ Qt Designer seems to always have title'Qt Designer by Trolltech ', so the condition will check for the active window having that title.
You can either opt to have & konqueror; automatically detect the & Java; installation on your system, or specify the path to the installation yourself by selecting Path to Java executable or'java '. You may want to choose the latter method, for instance, if you have multiple & Java; installations on your system, and want to specify which one to use. If the & Java; Virtual Machine you are using requires any special startup options, you can type them in the text box labeled Additional Java arguments.
Cookies Cookies contain information that Konqueror (or any other KDE application using the HTTP protocol) stores on your computer from a remote Internet server. This means that a web server can store information about you and your browsing activities on your machine for later use. You might consider this an invasion of privacy. However, cookies are useful in certain situations. For example, they are often used by Internet shops, so you can'put things into a shopping basket '. Some sites require you have a browser that supports cookies. Because most people want a compromise between privacy and the benefits cookies offer, KDE offers you the ability to customize the way it handles cookies. You might, for example want to set KDE's default policy to ask you whenever a server wants to set a cookie or simply reject or accept everything. For example, you might choose to accept all cookies from your favorite shopping web site. For this all you have to do is either browse to that particular site and when you are presented with the cookie dialog box, click on This domain under the'apply to' tab and choose accept or simply specify the name of the site in the Domain Specific Policy tab and set it to accept. This enables you to receive cookies from trusted web sites without being asked every time KDE receives a cookie.
List of all Callees This list shows all functions called by the current selected one, either directly or with several function in-between on the stack; the number of function in-between plus one is called the Distance (e. g. for function A, B, C there exists a call from A to C when A calls B and B calls C, i. e. A = > B = > C. The distance here is 2). Absolute cost shown is the cost spent in the listed function while the selected is active; relative cost is the percentage of all cost spent in the listed function while the selected one is active. The cost graphic always shows logarithmic percentage with a different color for each distance. As there can be many calls to the same function, the distance column sometimes shows the range of distances for all calls happening; then, in parentheses, there is the medium distance, i. e. the distance where most of the call costs happened. Selecting a function makes it the current selected one of this information panel. If there are two panels (Split mode), the function of the other panel is changed instead.
& kommander; 's other significant factor is how it addresses the requirements of language. Computer languages can be wonderful things but they tend to have their own dogmas and zealots often seeking to provide an advance to & GUI; design in an integrated development environment. Ironically the acceptance of such & IDE; s is limited by the number of people willing to adopt a new new language to gain access to a desired feature. It is really not reasonable to expect people to need to change over to a dozen languages to access various feature sets. By being language neutral and allowing a & kommander; dialog to be extended by using any scripting language & kommander; positions itself in a unique position for wide spread adoption. Multiple script languages can be used in a single dialog and applications can be taken over by people using a different language than the original developer and gradually converting and extending it. New widgets and features can be instantly leveraged by all available languages.
To make a new to-do entry, right click the to-do view sidebar component, or the to-do list view, and choose the New To-do menu item. If you right click an already existing to-do, you will get more choices: you can Show the summary, Edit... the to-do details, Delete the to-do altogether, or you can create a New Sub-To-do... You could for example make a large to-do like building a house, and make sub-to-dos like choosing the right building site, hiring an architect, hiring workers and finally arranging a party for your friends.
By default, the & kdm; login screen will disappear after authentication. This can result in flicker between the login screen and the session. The background attribute allows users to specify what elements of the theme are the background image. When used, this will cause & kdm; to remove all non-background items from the display and render the remaining background items to the root window. This can be used to create a smooth transition between the login screen and the session: & lt; item type=quot; rectquot; background=quot; truequot; gt; & lt; normal file="background. svg"/ gt; & lt; pos x=quot; 0quot; y=quot; 0quot; width=quot; 100%quot; height=quot; -75quot; /gt; & lt; /itemgt; To use a different background for login transition than the one used for login, the theme should specify two item nodes (which could contain pixmaps or svg images, for example). The item which corresponds to the greeter background should not have the background property while the item which corresponds to the transition background should have the background property. For instance:
% ps aux _BAR_ grep bastian bastian 26061 0.0 2.2 24284 11492? S 21:27 0:00 kdeinit: Running... bastian 26064 0.0 2.2 24036 11524? S 21:27 0:00 kdeinit: dcopserver bastian 26066 0.1 2.5 26056 12988? S 21:27 0:00 kdeinit: klauncher bastian 26069 0.4 3.2 27356 16744? S 21:27 0:00 kdeinit: kded bastian 26161 0.2 2.7 25344 14096? S 21:27 0:00 kdeinit: ksmserver bastian 26179 1.1 3.4 29716 17812? S 21:27 0:00 kdeinit: kicker bastian 26192 0.4 3.0 26776 15452? S 21:27 0:00 kdeinit: klipper bastian 26195 1.0 3.5 29200 18368? S 21:27 0:00 kdeinit: kdesktop
List of direct Callers This list shows all functions calling the current selected one directly, together with a call count and the cost spent in the current selected function while being called from the function from the list. An icon instead of an inclusive cost specifies that this is a call inside of a recursive cycle. An inclusive cost makes no sense here. Selecting a function makes it the current selected one of this information panel. If there are two panels (Split mode), the function of the other panel is changed instead.
Enter the regular expression you want to search for here. Possible meta characters are: nbsp;. - Matches any character nbsp; ^ - Matches the beginning of a line nbsp; $- Matches the end of a line nbsp; \\\\\\lt; - Matches the beginning of a word nbsp; \\\\\\gt; - Matches the end of a word The following repetition operators exist: nbsp;? - The preceding item is matched at most once nbsp; * - The preceding item is matched zero or more times nbsp; + - The preceding item is matched one or more times nbsp; {n} - The preceding item is matched exactly n times nbsp; {n,} - The preceding item is matched n or more times nbsp; {, n} - The preceding item is matched at most n times nbsp; {n, m} - The preceding item is matched at least n, but at most m times. Furthermore, backreferences to bracketed subexpressions are available via the notation\\\\ n.
Both types of spiral galaxies are sub-classified according to the prominence of their central bulge of stars, their overall surface brightness, and how tightly their spiral arms are wound. These characteristics are related, so that an Sa galaxy has a large central bulge, a high surface brightness, and tightly-wound spiral arms. An Sb galaxy has a smaller bulge, a dimmer disk, and looser arms than an Sa, and so on through Sc and Sd. Barred galaxies use the same classification scheme, indicated by types SBa, SBb, SBc, and SBd.
< ![CDATA[ # script match_flags idVendor idProduct bcdDevice_lo bcdDevice_hi bDeviceClass bDeviceSubClass bDeviceProtocol bInterfaceClass bInterfaceSubClass bInterfaceProtocol driver_info # Wheel Mouse Optical consoleUserPerms 0x0003 0x046d 0xc00e 0x0000 0xffff 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00000000 # MouseMan Traveler consoleUserPerms 0x0003 0x046d 0xc00f 0x0000 0xffff 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00000000 # MouseMan Dual Optical consoleUserPerms 0x0003 0x046d 0xc012 0x0000 0xffff 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00000000 # MX310 Optical Mouse consoleUserPerms 0x0003 0x046d 0xc01b 0x0000 0xffff 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00000000 # MX510 Optical Mouse consoleUserPerms 0x0003 0x046d 0xc01d 0x0000 0xffff 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00000000 # MX300 Optical Mouse consoleUserPerms 0x0003 0x046d 0xc024 0x0000 0xffff 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00000000 # MX500 Optical Mouse consoleUserPerms 0x0003 0x046d 0xc025 0x0000 0xffff 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00000000 # iFeel Mouse consoleUserPerms 0x0003 0x046d 0xc031 0x0000 0xffff 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00000000 # Mouse Receiver consoleUserPerms 0x0003 0x046d 0xc501 0x0000 0xffff 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00000000 # Dual Receiver consoleUserPerms 0x0003 0x046d 0xc502 0x0000 0xffff 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00000000 # Cordless Freedom Optical consoleUserPerms 0x0003 0x046d 0xc504 0x0000 0xffff 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00000000 # Cordless Elite Duo consoleUserPerms 0x0003 0x046d 0xc505 0x0000 0xffff 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00000000 # MX700 Optical Mouse consoleUserPerms 0x0003 0x046d 0xc506 0x0000 0xffff 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00000000 # Cordless Optical Trackman consoleUserPerms 0x0003 0x046d 0xc508 0x0000 0xffff 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00000000 # Cordless MX Duo Receiver consoleUserPerms 0x0003 0x046d 0xc50b 0x0000 0xffff 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00000000 # MX100 Laser Mouse consoleUserPerms 0x0003 0x046d 0xc50e 0x0000 0xffff 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00000000 # Receiver for Cordless Presenter consoleUserPerms 0x0003 0x046d 0xc702 0x0000 0xffff 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00000000]] >
Articles you have opened in the article window are marked as read after the number of seconds specified here. If you set this value to be relatively high you avoid articles you have just glanced at being marked as read; on the other hand, it can be annoying for relatively short articles, for which you need less time to read than specified: if you browsed too quickly through the articles they would stay unread even though you have read them. Therefore, you should adjust this value to your personal preferences.
& khangman; is a game based on the well-known hangman game. It is aimed at children aged six and over. The game has several categories of words to play with and among them: Animals (animals words) and three difficulty categories: Easy, Medium and Hard. A word is picked at random, the letters are hidden, and you must guess the word by trying one letter after another. Each time you guess a wrong letter, part of a picture of a hangman is drawn. You must guess the word before being hanged! You have 10 tries.
Rename the file under the cursor with the F9 key or with two single mouse clicks. If only the file name needs to be renamed and not the extension, you can configure this in the Konfigurator Look & Feel page. Create a new directory with the F7 key. Right-clicking on a regular file will give you the option "New Symlink". A dialog will prompt you to enter a symlink name. That name will point to the file/ directory you Right-Clicked on. If the file you Right-Clicked on is a symlink, you will also be presented with the "redirect link" option that will allow you to change the link target.
INDI is the Instrument-Neutral-Distributed-Interface control protocol developed by Elwood C. Downey of ClearSky Institute. & kstars; employs device drivers that are compatible with the INDI protocol. INDI has many advantages including loose coupling between hardware devices and software drivers. Clients that use the device drivers (like & kstars;) are completely unaware of the device capabilities. In run time, & kstars; communicates with the device drivers and builds a completely dynamical GUI based on services provided by the device. Therefore, new device drivers can be written or updated and KStars can take full advantage of them without any changes on the client side.
Gopher is an Internet information browsing service that uses a menu-driven interface. Users select information from menus, which may return another menu or display a text file. An item may reside on a Gopher server you originally queried, or it may be on another Gopher server (or another host). Gopher can tunnel from one Gopher to another without the user knowing that the server and/ or host machine have changed. Gopher keeps the exact location of computers hidden from the user, providing the illusion of a single, large set of interconnected menus.
Inserting new rows and entering data for them in & kexi; is different from the way of doing this in spreadsheets. To enter data for a new row, you need to use the arrow keys or mouse, to move your cursor to the special empty last row marked with a plus sign. Place your cursor in the (second) name column and enter a person's name. Also enter surname, street, house number and city. When done, move the cell cursor to the last empty row either by using the Arrow Down key or by clicking in the last row with the mouse to append a new row.
If you see a screen a little bit like the one below when you start up your computer, then you are all set for logging in graphically. Just enter your username in the Login text box and your password in the Password text box. Your password will not be shown as you type it; it will probably be shown as asterisks. When you have entered that information, click on the Login button, and & kde; will start up. The & kde; splash screen will appear, and keep you informed about the progress of & kde; startup, and when it is done, & kde; will be ready to use.
Pegasus for win32 uses single files for Mail folders similar to & kmail;. Pegasus mail folder files have the extension. pmm but they are the same format as mbox except the messages do not start with the From header, but with a control character. To work around this, replace each instance of the control character with From aaa@aaa Mon Jan 01 00:00:00 1997. This From line should be the first line of every message, before the Received: and other headers. Make sure to use a text editor that lets you save the files in & UNIX; format or create new folders in Pegasus that are in & UNIX; format and copy your messages there.
To illustrate session management, choose K menu Editors Kate to start & kate;. Open a text document to edit. Now log out and back in. You will observe that & kate; will be restored to the exact same position on the screen, including the right virtual desktop, and the document we left open in & kate; before we logged out is opened again automatically. & kate; will even remember whether you had unsaved changes to your document before you logged out and will save them to the file you were working on if you choose Save from the File menu.
No subtree check This option disables subtree checking, which has mild security implications, but can improve reliability is some circumstances. If a subdirectory of a filesystem is exported, but the whole filesystem is not, then whenever a NFS request arrives, the server must check not only that the accessed file is in the appropriate filesystem (which is easy) but also that it is in the exported tree (which is harder). This check is called the subtree_check. In order to perform this check, the server must include some information about the location of the file in the "filehandle" that is given to the client. This can cause problems with accessing files that are renamed while a client has them open (though in many simple cases it will still work). subtree checking is also used to make sure that files inside directories to which only root has access can only be accessed if the filesystem is exported with no_root_squash (see below), even the file itself allows more general access. As a general guide, a home directory filesystem, which is normally exported at the root and may see lots of file renames, should be exported with subtree checking disabled. A filesystem which is mostly read-only, and at least does not see many file renames (e. g. / usr or / var) and for which subdirectories may be exported, should probably be exported with subtree checks enabled.
You get a dialog that shows you a list of the selected files on the top section and a log message for your changes below. & cervisia; helps you in several ways to find a meaningful log message: first, in the file list you can double-click a file or press Return in order to see the changes you have made to the file. Second, it gives you a list of log messages you have previously used in a combo box. Third, this dialog is integrated with & cervisia; 's changelog editor described below. When you have finished the dialog, the command
Launchers to programs may also be placed on the desktop. To create a new launcher, right click on the desktop, and choose Create New Link to Application. On the & kdesktop; properties dialog box, type in the name of the program on the General tab. You may also wish to choose a custom icon by clicking on the gear icon. Click the Application tab and type a short sentence about the program in the Description textbox. In the Command textbox, type the name of the program (case sensitive), and any command line options you wish to use. Choose OK, and your new program launcher will be created on your desktop. Simply click on the new launcher on the desktop and the associated program will run.
When off, the insertion cursor cannot be moved left of the line start, but it can be moved off the line end, which can be very handy for programmers. When this option is chosen, moving the cursor with the arrow keys off the end of a line (to the right) causes it to jump down to the beginning of the next line. Likewise when the cursor is moved past the beginning of a line (to the left) it jumps up to the end of the preceding line. When this option is not selected, moving the cursor right past the end of a line merely causes it to continue horizontally in the same line and trying to move it left past the beginning does nothing.
& kde; includes a versatile and powerful file manager called & konqueror; which allows you to do everything you want with the files stored on your computer, your network, and even the Internet. There are too many features of & konqueror; to describe here, so we will just take an overview. If you want more details about what & konqueror; can do, take a look at the & konqueror; Handbook konqueror; Handbook by selecting Help Konqueror Handbook in the & konqueror; menus; or, alternatively, you can use the help KIOslave in & konqueror; by entering help: / konqueror in the Location Toolbar.
A special feature is the name insertion. The blue square you type into is actual a list. Furthermore, that list can contain other lists. When you type a backslash (\\) you get a new empty list right away. But this one is special. It uses a different font and is meant to insert things like function names. There is, however, a second idea here. Your keyboard only has a limited number of keys. The wealth of mathematical symbols on the other side is overwhelming. To get one of those you can type its name and press the space bar afterwards. The name you typed will be replaced by the symbol then. In this context, the Space bar means get out of here, that is move the cursor to the containing list. The cursor will be positioned at the end of what you just entered but will also enclose part of the original formula, after pressing the space bar.
Windows Shares Konqueror is able to access shared Microsoft Windows file systems, if properly configured. If there is a specific computer from which you want to browse, fill in the Browse server field. This is mandatory if you are not running Samba locally. The Broadcast address and WINS address fields will also be available, if you use the native code, or the location of the'smb. conf 'file from which the options are read, when using Samba. In any case, the broadcast address (interfaces in smb. conf) must be set up if it is guessed incorrectly or you have multiple cards. A WINS server usually improves performance, and reduces the network load a lot. The bindings are used to assign a default user for a given server, possibly with the corresponding password, or for accessing specific shares. If you choose to, new bindings will be created for logins and shares accessed during browsing. You can edit all of them from here. Passwords will be stored locally, and scrambled so as to render them unreadable to the human eye. For security reasons, you may not want to do that, as entries with passwords are clearly indicated as such.
CVS and other version control systems use several keywords to insert automatically generated strings (info: / cvs/ Keyword substitution). All of them follow the pattern "$KEYWORD generated text$". We now need a Line-Matching-Preprocessor-Command that removes only the generated text: sed's/ \\$\\(Revision\\_BAR_Author\\_BAR_Log\\_BAR_Header\\_BAR_Date\\). *\\$/ \\$\\1\\$/ 'The "\\_BAR_" separates the possible keywords. You might want to modify this list according to your needs. The "\\" before the "$" is necessary because otherwise the "$" matches the end of the line.
Break into the bottom left room, then proceed to the top right. Head left, grab the gold and escape by digging down to the middle floor. Continue all the way down to the bottom right. Before collecting the second gold piece, hang from the top pole in the center room of the bottom floor and dig one brick from the two-brick wall at the right. Run left over the enemies' heads, grab the gold and escape back through the dug brick. Run up to the top right room, then to the lower left area via the center. Dodge the enemies any way you can and climb up to the top left room. To get out of the building, dig rapidly while falling next to the left wall.
Let's start with installing all the packages we need: # apt-get install avahi-daemon libnss-mdns kdnssd Everything is installed, now let's do some configuration. First, we need our services to be announced on LAN. That's why we installed avahi-daemon: it represents your machine on local network and allows other applications to publish services they provide. Avahi-daemon comes with example ssh. service configuration file found in / usr/ share/ doc/ avahi-daemon/ examples. In order to get the service to be announced on LAN we need to copy this file to / etc/ avahi/ services directory: # cp / usr/ share/ doc/ avahi-daemon/ examples/ ssh. service / etc/ avahi/ services Now we need fish: / protocol to be announced too, so we use an ssh. service file as a template for fish. service: # cp / etc/ avahi/ services/ ssh. service / etc/ avahi/ services/ fish. service This file is just a copy of ssh. service. Edit the fish. service file and replace "Remote Terminal on %h" with "Fish to %h" and "_ssh. _tcp" with "_fish. _tcp". Here's how it looks after edit: & lt; ?xml version="1.0 "standalone='no '? gt; lt; !--*-nxml-*-- > & lt; !DOCTYPE service-group SYSTEM" avahi-service. dtd"gt; & lt; !-- $Id: remote-connections. docbook, v 1.6 2007/ 05/ 02 18:07:28 codeknight Exp $-- > & lt; !-- This file is part of avahi. avahi is free software; you can redistribute it and/ or modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version. avahi is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR & lt; !-- See avahi. service(5) for more information about this configuration file -- > & lt; service-group > & lt; name replace-wildcards="yes "> FISH to %hlt; /name > & lt; service > & lt; type > _fish. _tcplt; /type > & lt; port > 22lt; /port > & lt; /service > & lt; /service-group > Save the modified file. Now we need to create a new file _fish. _tcp, open a text editor and add the next lines: Name=FISH Protocol (ssh) Type=_fish. _tcp UserEntry=u PathEntry=path PasswordEntry=p And save the file / usr/ share/ apps/ zeroconf/ _fish. _tcp Do the same on each machine on your LAN, then restart avahi-daemon: # / etc/ init. d/ avahi-daemon restart Then open & krusader; and type in location-toolbar-lnk: zeroconf: / to open the zeroconf connection. Enter the Fish Protocol directory. Inside you'll find the links to each machine that announced fish: / on your LAN, the location-toolbar-lnk: will point to zeroconf: / _fish. _tcp Double clicking on any of these machines, them will bring up the password prompt, asking you for your ssh key passphrase (if password was set). Enter your passphrase. Congratulations: you connected to remote machine using & krusader;!
You can choose any name, as long as it does not already have a meaning. For instance you cannot name a function forward, since that name is already used for an internal command. # here forward is used as a new command, # but it already has a meaning so # this will produce an error: learn forward {print "this is invalid"} # this works: learn myforward {print "this is ok"} Names can contain only letters, numbers and underscores (_). Yet they have to start with a letter. Container names have to start with the container prefix ($).
Depending on the data available in & kalzium; you will see different radii of the element. The covalent radius is the radius of a non charged atom of the element in a molecule. The could for example be the O-H-distance in Water. The atomic radius is the radius of an elemental atom, & eg; not bound to anything. The van der Waals-radius is defined as the distance of two atoms of the same sort in two equal molecules, for example two carbon-atoms in propane. The last possible radius is the ionic radius including its charge.
Elliptical galaxies are spheroidal concentrations of billions of stars that resemble Globular Clusters on a grand scale. They have very little internal structure; the density of stars declines smoothly from the concentrated center to the diffuse edge, and they can have a broad range of ellipticities (or aspect ratios). They typically contain very little interstellar gas and dust, and no young stellar populations (although there are exceptions to these rules). Edwin Hubble referred to Elliptical galaxies as early-type galaxies, because he thought that they evolved to become Spiral Galaxies (which he called late-type galaxies). Astronomers actually now believe the opposite is the case (ie;, that Spiral galaxies can turn into Elliptical galaxies), but Hubble's early- and late-type labels are still used.
percnt; echo $KONSOLE_DCOP DCOPRef(konsole-7547, konsole) percnt; dcop $KONSOLE_DCOP newSession session-6 percnt; dcopstart konsole konsole-9058 #! /bin/ sh konsole=$(dcopstart konsole-script) session=$(dcop $konsole konsole currentSession) dcop $konsole $session renameSession Local session=$(dcop $konsole konsole newSession) dcop $konsole $session renameSession Remote session=$(dcop $konsole konsole newSession) dcop $konsole $session renameSession Code dcop $konsole $session sendSession'cd / my/ work/ directory '
Two different modes allow you to adapt & klettres; to your need and have the full usual interface or a stripped interface. For a child, the menubar is no longer visible. We assume that a child will not want to set the language himself. A combo box allows him to choose the different levels. For an older user, the background is not so childish and the menubar is present in the Grown-Up style. Three different themes (Kid, Desert and Savannah) set up a different background with different fonts and colors.
Please use the Search function of the krusader; Forum, your issue may have been previously discussed (this allows us to minimize the double/ triple/... postings). If your issue has already been discussed in the past there is a great chance that you will have an instant solution to your problem. If the issue is currently being discussed, you can join in the discussion. Some questions are asked over and over again, that's why we have created this FAQ. This allows us to spend more time developing & krusader;.
& kommander; is a set of tools that allow you to create dynamic & GUI; dialogs that generate, based on their state, a piece of text. The piece of text can be a command line to a program, any piece of code, business documents that contain a lot of repetitious or templated text and so on. The resulting generated text can then be executed as a command line program (hence the name kommander;), written to a file, passed to a script for extended processing, and literally anything else you can think of. The best part of it all? You are n't required to write a single line of code!
In general, there's no functional difference between the collection types. You could create a custom collection for your books just as easily as using the default book collection. But & appname; chooses icons based on collection type, and there may be some specialized functionality that is unique to a certain collection, so if you can, you should use the defaults. So, if you want to create a wine collection, but do n't like any of the default fields, go ahead and create a default wine collection, then delete all the defaults. That way, & appname; still knows that it's a wine collection.
The execution controller while is a lot like if. The difference is that while keeps repeating (looping) the code between the brackets until the boolean evaluates false. $x = 1 while $x & lt; 5 {forward 10 wait 1 $x = $x + 1} On the first line $x is set to 1. On the second line $x & lt; 5 is evaluated. Since the answer to this question is true the execution controller while starts executing the code between the brackets until the $x & lt; 5 evaluates false. In this case the code between the brackets will be executed 4 times, because every time the fifth line is executed $x increases by 1.
Zoom out until you can see a green curve; this represents your local horizon. If you have not adjusted the default & kstars; configuration, the display will be solid green below the horizon, representing the solid ground of the Earth. There is also a white curve, which represents the celestial equator, and a brown curve, which represents the Ecliptic, the path that the Sun appears to follow across the sky over the course of a year. The Sun is always found somewhere along the Ecliptic, and the planets are never far from it.
Fonts are a difficult topic on & X-Window;. In this section we'll cover some problems that are frequently reported by people using & koffice;. Some problems are not just & koffice; s fault, but depend on your system configuration, which is why you may need to modify system configuration files in order to solve them. If you do n't have access to the root account on your system, please ask your system operator about this and point him or her to this manual. As the topic of fonts is too complex to cover all of it here, you may want to consult the Font HOWTO from which I've taken the following information. You will find more details there.
The calendar that is in the upper-left corner of the & korganizer; window. It is the main way provided to navigate among dates, and to select from them. The single-arrow icons move forwards and backwards in time by increments of a month, while the double-arrows allow moving by years at a time. Today's date will be outlined with a small box. Dates which have events scheduled on them will be bold. If you want to select a date, simply click it. Hold down the & Ctrl; key and click the dates if you wish to select multiple neighbor dates at once. The dates will be displayed in the main panel.
Where mathematical operators are mainly for numbers, boolean operators are for boolean values (true and false). There are only three boolean operators, namely: and, or, and not. The following piece of & turtlescript; shows how to use them: $and_1_1 = true and true # - > true $and_1_0 = true and false # - > false $and_0_1 = false and true # - > false $and_0_0 = false and false # - > false $or_1_1 = true or true # - > true $or_1_0 = true or false # - > true $or_0_1 = false or true # - > true $or_0_0 = false or false # - > false $not_1 = not true # - > false $not_0 = not false # - > true Using the inspector you can see the values, yet we also supply these results as little comments at the end of the lines. and evaluates true only if both sides are true. or evaluates true if either side of true. And not turns a true into false and a false into true.
Supermount is a daemon which handles the mounting/ unmounting of removable file systems for you. Just insert a floppy, and do cd / mnt/ floppy supermount will do the mount for you automatically and transparently. Usually this works fine. However, supermount misleads the system into thinking that the floppy/ cdrom is mounted at all times! This creates some problems for & krusader;, as it cannot really know when the floppy or CD has been removed because the system information is not correctly updated by supermount - is there really a floppy in the drive? Of course, this can be solved, but as for now, we do n't consider it a priority.
The terminal emulator mode is in fact a small console and acts like one. You can change the active directory in the terminal by using the cd command. The terminal emulator will follow the active panel directory. When you drag a file from the "List Panel", you will get to choose between: "Paste", cd, mv and ln. If you drag multiple files, then cd will not be available. A full-screen terminal emulator can be used when configured or Ctrl; F toggles between normal and full screen mode. If the command line is hidden, press Ctrl; up to focus the terminal emulator. Ctrl; down brings you back down. Ctrl; & Enter; and Ctrl; & Shift; & Enter; paste the filename. You can close the emulator by typing exit.
Consider where you are going to stand. You cannot stand in front of your display, so off to one side is probably your best option if you want your audience to be able to see. I often project a picture onto a wipeboard and draw over the top of it. If you are using a PC with a digital projector you can draw over the top of your slides with & kpresenter; 's pen tool. Remember, drawing freehand with a mouse is a skill that needs practice. If you are using an Overhead projector, you can use transparent overlay slides and a pen over the top of your computer generated ones.
You can convert the other way around, and use & latex; and PS-PDF conversion. This is not always a good idea, since EPS encapsulation of JPG or PNG can yield larger files, that in turn yield unnecessarily large documents. This is however highly dependent on the graphic utility that you use, since EPS can encapsulate other graphics, but not all applications support this perfectly. Some might actually try to build your JPG image with vectors and various scripting, which will result in gigantic files. Conversion of all graphics formats to EPS can be done by imagemagick;. Another simple program that does this process correctly is jpg2ps.
Type foo (one character) to do a quick search in the Active List Panel for a file beginning with "foo". A small quick search dialog box will open below the Active List Panel. Type the first few characters of the desired file name (more than one character allowed), the cursor will jump to that filename (if it exists), e. g. type "ab" to search for a file which begins with "ab". The Up/ Down Arrow will jump to the next or previous match. & Esc; will close the quick search line. The cursor will stay on the last file found. The Quicksearch supports regular expressions for searching files.
This list shows all the calendars currently known to KOrganizer. Use the associated checkboxes to make a calendar active or inactive. Use the context menu to add, remove or edit calendars in the list. Events, journal entries and to-dos are retrieved and stored from their respective calendars. Calendars can be accessed from groupware servers, local files, etc... If you have more than one active calendar, you will be prompted for which calendar to store new items into, unless configured to always store to the default calendar.
Get the piece of gold below the left side of the poles shaped like an 11 first, then grab the piece on the base of the left 1 of the central 11. Now drop to the floor just to the left of the double high wall. The enemies will drop into different sections. You now want to do three things: get the gold in the left and center sections, take gold from the enemies to the right of you when on the floor and lure as many enemies as you can into the section to the left of the 11. The first two tasks are relatively easy: the last task can be accomplished in several ways. If you run up the center ladder and move over the left, you can wait above the right hand side of the poles (possibly dropping onto the poles) and lure a few enemies at a time from the center section to the left section. You can also pick up a piece of gold or two while doing this. Once you have all the gold (except the pieces to the right of the 11), run to the top right of the H of ladders in the middle. This will cause all the enemies not in the far right section to move into the left section.
The Group View groups the entries in a tree-view by any field which allows grouping. The number of entries in each group is shown next to the group name. Groups may be expanded or collapsed by clicking the plus sign, or by double-clicking the item. Expanding and contracting all the groups are options in the right-click context menu. The tree may be sorted either by the group name, or by the count, by clicking on the header. A group may also be used as a filter for the Column View, by right-clicking on the group item.
It sometimes happens that people edit a file at the same time. In this situation it is likely that people will make changes in the document at exactly the same line. This creates a problem because, without applied caution, people could be overwriting each others work as they apply the diff files they receive. Fortunately the developers of the diff and patch programs took this into consideration and so these tools will not allow such changes to be applied without manual intervention. When this state is reached, it is known as a & quot; conflictquot;. & kompare; will display conflicts so that you can manually resolve them, deciding which changes should be applied to which file.
Instead of executing the user command directly with su, & kdesu; executes a little stub program called kdesu_stub. This stub (running as the target user), requests some information from & kdesu; over the pty/ tty channel (the stub's stdin and stdout) and then executes the user's program. The information passed over is: the X display, an X authentication cookie (if available), the PATH and the command to run. The reason why a stub program is used is that the X cookie is private information and therefore cannot be passed on the command line.
Selective View on List of Printers: This button reduces the list of visible printers to a shorter, more convenient, pre-defined list. This is particularly useful in enterprise environments with lots of printers. The default is to show all printers. To create a personal'selective view list ', click on the'System Options' button at the bottom of this dialog. Then, in the new dialog, select'Filter '(left column in the KDE Print Configuration dialog) and setup your selection. Warning: Clicking this button without prior creation of a personal'selective view list' will make all printers dissappear from the view. (To re-enable all printers, just click this button again.)
The option Always show matched'Download Later 'messages in confirmation dialog will cause the confirmation dialog to show up during mailbox check if at least one message was tagged for Download Later - even if all messages exceeding the threshold size were matched by a rule. This option is useful in the case you have messages matched by a rule and tagged for Download Later, but you do not get any message exceeding the size limit for a very long time. Without this option, the confirmation dialog would never show up and you would never have a chance to get the queued message by changing the action manually.
When you are done, you can start the game. Simply follow the instructions in the statusbar. It will issue hints and suggest what to do next. When you now look at the screen, you will find two grid fields, the so-called battle areas. The left area belongs to you. This is where you place your ships and where you can follow the military actions of your enemy. The right area is where your enemy's fleet is located. When it's your turn to fire, you need to click on a certain sector (a field of the battle area) where you suppose the ships to be located.
Like the rest of & kde;, & kspread; is highly configurable, which can cause problems for readers trying to compare the text in a document such as this with what they see on the version of & kspread; running on their desktop. To cut down on some of the possibilities for confusion, it it suggested that when you first start to use & kspread; you set the default options in all pages of the & kspread; configuration dialog (obtained by selecting Settings Configure & kspread;...) except for Completion mode: in the Misc page, which should be set to None.
Browsers in & amarok; allow you to access your music collection in several different ways. They are situated on the left side of the window, and each one is represented by a tab with its name written on it. Clicking on a tab brings the selected browser into view. If a browser is active clicking on its tab again will contract the browser. Only one browser is visible at any time, although you can drag tracks from one tab to another by hovering on the target tab for 1 second until that tab becomes visible. You can also hide browsers by simply right-clicking on any tab and (un)selecting the desired browser(s) in the provided context menu.
In addition to displaying differences between a source and destination file, & kompare; can be used to create and view a special file called a & apos; diffapos;. This file captures the differences between the two sources into a single file that can be used to view and apply changes to any other copy of the file. For example, if two people are editing a document. The first person wants to make changes and send just the changes made to the second person. Normally, the first person would send a complete copy of the modified document to the second person, who would then have to compare the modified document side-by-side with unmodified version. The process for this is much like what we have described in the previous paragraphs. With & kompare; the first person would first make a local copy of the file to be modified, then make changes and compare the original and modified copy. Now using & kompare; a diff file can be created that captures only the changes made. This can be sent to the second person in place of a whole file containing the changes.
The term "printer drivers", used in the same sense as on the & Microsoft; & Windows; platform, is not entirely applicable to a Linux or & UNIX; platform. A "driver" functionality is supplied on & UNIX; by different modular components working together. At the core of the printer drivers are "filters". Filters convert print files from a given input format to another format that is acceptable to the target printer. In many cases filters may be connected to a whole filter "chain", where only the result of the last conversion is sent to the printer. The actual transfer of the print data to the device is performed by a "backend".
Shred was removed from KDE4 (and as consequence Krusader-2 for KDE4). The main reason is probably that shredding is filesystem dependent and even if you overwrite the file 100 times, it's not sure, that it'll be deleted from the disk finally. Quote from the kgpg posts: "The shred feature has been removed from the KDE library. Kgpg will not support this feature anymore. Moderns file systems use journalisation. So the shred feature should be implemented in the file system. Not in kgpg." But you might use a proper shred UserAction for your filesystem. But keep in mind that if you want to be 100% sure that it's impossible that someone can read a deleted file, you need to destroy your harddrive hardware...
& latex; is a text-processing system derived from & tex;, a program developed originally in 1977 by Donald Knuth to help him layout his work professionally, obtaining a work similar to a typesetter's; the typesetter is the professional that styles a document's look according to specifications for the type of document. & latex; was created by Leslie Lamport to give authors an automatic typesetter, especially when it came to the expensive and painstaking typesetting of mathematical formulas and expressions, that by no chance are enclosed in dollar signs in & latex;. Today, word-processing programs let any user be the typesetter; but what you often want is a document that looks good, not one that you spent hours on to make it look good. & latex; takes that burden, and lets you think of the document, not of the layout. And yes, it will look good!
Every log lines are displayed in a list view, which can be sorted by clicking on the wanted column. Another click will sort it in the other order. If you want to sort the list as it was on the first loading, you can use the Edit Refresh menu item, or simply click on the first column of the list, generally named Date, to sort the list in the ascending order. Even if your log mode does not use time to describe each log lines, for example the X. org Log, the list will be correctly sorted, because & ksystemlog; keeps an internal order of the list.
& k3b; is a CD and DVD burning application for Linux systems optimized for & kde;. It provides a comfortable user interface to perform most CD/ DVD burning tasks like creating an Audio CD from a set of audio files or copying a CD. While the experienced user can take influence in all steps of the burning process, the beginner may find comfort in the automatic settings and the reasonable & k3b; defaults which allow a quick start. The actual burning in K3b is done by the command line utilities cdrecord, cdrdao, and growisofs.
Normal & imap; mode does not support filtering, but the new disconnected & imap; account type does. You could try to use server-side filtering (ask your admin for how to install filters on the server and in which format), since & imap; is all about managing your email on the server. Unfortunately, although there exists a mail filter language (Sieve, defined in RFC3028), there is no standardized access protocol for installing or editing server-side Sieve scripts. If such a protocol becomes available in the future, & kmail; will most probably include support for it.
This option controls which users will be shown in the user view (UserList) and/ or offered for autocompletion (UserCompletion). If it is Selected, SelectedUsers contains the final list of users. If it is NotHidden, the initial user list are all users found on the system. Users contained in HiddenUsers are removed from the list, just like all users with a UID greater than specified in MaxShowUID and users with a non-zero UID less than specified in MinShowUID. Items in SelectedUsers and HiddenUsers which are prefixed with @ represent all users in the user group named by that item. Finally, the user list will be sorted alphabetically, if SortUsers is enabled.
If you are using ALSA, you can output to a specific device with xine. Set up an ~/. asoundrc (user only) or / etc/ asound. conf (system wide) file that aliases your hardware devices, and then insert that alias in the "device used for stereo output:" box in the xine-engine configuration tab. Alternatively, you can directly enter the alsa device (hw:0,0 or hw:1,0 and so on). If you choose this latter (alternate) method, be aware that ALSA's corresponding plugfoo (e. g. plughw:0,0 or plughw:1,0 and so on) routing through alsa-lib is much preferred.
Often there are many many more actions available (activate tab #12, for instance) than you would ever want on the toolbar, or even that you know exist in the application. The customize toolbar dialog can be a learning experience. You can drag actions from one list box to the other, rearrange the items on the toolbar, or change the icon for a selected action. This allows you to drag the actions you do n't want off of the toolbar and into the list of available actions; similarly, the actions you do want can be dragged into the toolbar. Clicking OK in the dialog immediately updates the toolbar with your new preferred actions.
This regexp item will repeat the regexp items it surrounds a specified number of times. The number of times to repeat may be specified using ranges; e. g. it could be specified that it should match from 2 to 4 times, that it should match exactly 5 times, or that it should match at least one time. Examples: If you specify that it should match any time, and the content it surrounds is abc, then this regexp item will match the empty string, the string abc, the string abcabc, the string abcabcabcabc, etc.
Most accepted theories on the construction of the pyramids are based on the idea that it was built by moving huge stones from a quarry and dragging and lifting them into place. The disagreements center on the method by which the stones were conveyed and placed. Regardless, there were likely many ladders involved in its construction, such as on this level. This level is mostly a run around. Picking up the treasure while avoiding mummies is not so hard - but getting treasure away from the mummies is a much harder task. The three-wide stone platform is a useful killing field, although you'll have to run around a bit to get the mummies carrying treasure to line up properly. Note also that the middle block of this platform is a fall-through block. And once you've gotten all the treasure, you'll need to cross over to the escape ladder. One way to do this is to kill a mummy and cross over on its back when the mummy crosses from the escape ladder to the main pyramid.
p, li {white-space: pre-wrap;} Batch Scheduling (Since Linux 2.6.16.) This policy is similar to Normal, except that this policy will cause the scheduler to always assume that the process is CPU-intensive. Consequently, the scheduler will apply a small scheduling penalty so that this process is mildly disfavored in scheduling decisions. This policy is useful for workloads that are non-interactive, but do not want to lower their nice value, and for workloads that want a deterministic scheduling policy without interactivity causing extra preemptions (between the workload's tasks).
Here you can get some assistance in setting up KMail's filter rules to use some commonly-known anti-virus tools. The wizard can detect those tools on your computer as well as create filter rules to classify messages using these tools and to separate messages containing viruses. The wizard will not take any existing filter rules into consideration: it will always append the new rules. Warning: As KMail appears to be frozen during the scan of the messages for viruses, you may encounter problems with the responsiveness of KMail because anti-virus tool operations are usually time consuming; please consider deleting the filter rules created by the wizard to get back to the former behavior.
Having checked at least one of the available tools will allow you to let the wizard finish the filter setup. The wizard will not take any modifications in existing filters formerly created by the wizard into consideration but will either append new filters or replace existing filters in any case; you may want to inspect the result of this process in the Filter Dialog. The wizard will also create toolbar buttons for marking messages as spam or as ham; keep in mind that classifying messages as spam will also move those messages to the folder you had specified for spam messages, if you have n't deselected the appropriate option.
Cut Margin selection This slider and spinbox let you determine a'cut margin 'to be printed onto each tile of your poster, to help you cut the pieces as needed. Notice, how the little preview window above changes with your change of cut margins. It indicates to you how much space the cut margins will take away from each tile. Be aware, that your cut margins need to be equal to or greater than the margins your printer uses. The printer's capabilities are described in the'ImageableArea' keywords of its driver PPD file.
File List view This list displays all the files you selected for printing. You can see the file name(s), file path(s) and the file (MIME) type(s) as determined by KDEPrint. You may re-arrange the initial order of the list with the help of the arrow buttons on the right. The files will be printed as a single job, in the same order as displayed in the list. Note: You can select multiple files. The files may be in multiple locations. The files may be of multiple MIME types. The buttons on the right side let you add more files, remove already selected files from the list, re-order the list (by moving files up or down), and open files. If you open files, KDEPrint will use the application matching the MIME type of the file.
A default gateway is a computer which connects two different networks. If you have configured a small network of your own, it is most likely that you want all (or some) of your machines to grant Internet access. But this is not possible directly, because these machines use local private IP-addresses, which are not routed in the Internet. The solution is a computer which translates between the two different networks. This computer uses at least two interfaces. One of them, maybe an Ethernet card, points to the local network, the other one, maybe an ISDN card, points to the Internet. In this case, both interfaces use different IP-addresses. This computer performs a so called network address translation (NAT, aka IP-forwarding). To enable a local machine the Internet access, you have only to tell them the default gateway, the local IP-address of the gateway-computer.
Using this menu, you can select from the four following snapshot modes: Full Screen - captures the entire desktop. Window Under Cursor - captures only the window (or menu) that is under the mouse cursor when the snapshot is taken. Region - captures only the region of the desktop that you specify. When taking a new snapshot in this mode you will be able to select any area of the screen by clicking and dragging the mouse. Section of Window - captures only a section of the window. When taking a new snapshot in this mode you will be able to select any child window by moving the mouse over it.
Alimony; Auto; Auto > Fuel; Auto > Insurance; Auto > Lease; Auto > Loan; Auto > Registration; Auto > Service; Bank Charges; Bank Charges > Interest Paid; Bank Charges > Service Charge; Bills; Bills > Electricity; Bills > Fuel Oil; Bills > Local Taxes; Bills > Mortgage; Bills > Natural Gas; Bills > Rent; Bills > TV; Bills > Telephone; Bills > Water & Sewage; Bonus; Business; Business > Auto; Business > Capital Goods; Business > Legal Expenses; Business > Office Rent; Business > Office Supplies; Business > Other; Business > Revenue; Business > Taxes; Business > Travel; Business > Utilities; Business > Wages & Salary; Car; Car > Fuel; Car > Insurance; Car > Lease; Car > Loan; Car > Registration; Car > Service; Cash Withdrawal; Charity; Charity > Donations; Child Care; Child Support; Clothing; Disability; Div Income; Div Income > Ord dividend; Div Income > Stock dividend; Education; Education > Board; Education > Books; Education > Fees; Education > Loans; Education > Tuition; Employment; Employment > Benefits; Employment > Foreign; Employment > Lump sums; Employment > Other employ; Employment > Salary & wages; Food; Food > Dining Out; Food > Groceries; Gardening; Gift Received; Gifts; Healthcare; Healthcare > Dental; Healthcare > Doctor; Healthcare > Hospital; Healthcare > Optician; Healthcare > Prescriptions; Holidays; Holidays > Accomodation; Holidays > Travel; Household; Household > Furnishings; Household > Repairs; Insurance; Insurance > Auto; Insurance > Disability; Insurance > Home and Contents; Insurance > Life; Insurance > Medical; Int Inc; Int Inc > Bank Interest; Int Inc > Gross; Int Inc > Net; Int Inc > Other savings; Invest. income; Invest. income > 1st option; Invest. income > Dividend; Invest. income > Foreign; Invest. income > Other savings; Invest. income > Other trusts; Invest. income > Other trusts#Capital; Invest. income > Other trusts#Dist. rec'd; Invest. income > Other trusts#Estate; Investment Income; Investment Income > Dividends; Investment Income > Interest; Investment Income > Long-Term Capital Gains; Investment Income > Short-Term Capital Gains; Investment Income > Tax-Exempt Interest; Job Expense; Job Expense > Non-Reimbursed; Job Expense > Reimbursed; Legal Fees; Leisure; Leisure > Books & Magazines; Leisure > Entertaining; Leisure > Films & Video Rentals; Leisure > Hobbies; Leisure > Sporting Events; Leisure > Sports Goods; Leisure > Tapes & CDs; Leisure > Theatre & Concerts etc; Leisure > Toys & Games; Loan; Loan > Loan Interest; Long-Term Capital gains; Mortgage; Mortgage > Interest; Mortgage > PMI; Mortgage > Principle; Motor; Motor > Fuel; Motor > Loan; Motor > Service; Other Expense; Other Expense > Unknown; Other Income; Other Income > Child Support; Other Income > Employee Share Option; Other Income > Gifts Received; Other Income > Loan Principal Received; Other Income > Lottery or Premium Bond Prizes; Other Income > Student loan; Other Income > Tax Refund; Other Income > Unemployment Benefit; Pension; Pension > Employer; Personal Care; Pet Care; Pet Care > Food; Pet Care > Supplies; Pet Care > Vet's Bills; Recreation; Retirement Accounts; Retirement Accounts > 401(k)403(b) Plan Contributions; Retirement Accounts > 529 Plan Contributions; Retirement Accounts > IRA Contributions; Retirement Income; Retirement Income > 401(k); Retirement Income > 401(k) > 403(b) Distributions; Retirement Income > IRA Distributions; Retirement Income > Pensions & Annuities; Retirement Income > State Pension Benefits; Short-Term Capital gains; Social Security Benefits; Taxes; Taxes > AMT; Taxes > Federal Tax; Taxes > Federal Taxes; Taxes > Local Tax; Taxes > Local Taxes; Taxes > Other Invest; Taxes > Other Tax; Taxes > Property Taxes; Taxes > Social Security; Taxes > State Tax; Taxes > State Taxes; Travel; Travel > Accomodations; Travel > Car Rental; Travel > Fares; Utilities; Utilities > Electricity; Utilities > Garbage & Recycling; Utilities > Gas; Utilities > Sewer; Utilities > Telephone; Utilities > Water; Wages & Salary; Wages & Salary > Benefits; Wages & Salary > Bonus; Wages & Salary > Commission; Wages & Salary > Employer Pension Contributions; Wages & Salary > Gross Pay; Wages & Salary > Net Pay; Wages & Salary > Overtime; Wages & Salary > Workman's Comp
An example. I teach Railway staff how to respond to accidents. I wanted to use a slide to discuss how you can move dangerous loads from a derailed or damaged rail vehicle to a road vehicle after an accident. The slide I made had a simple drawing of tank wagon, the kind used for carrying gases or oils. On the side I wrote Lethal Chemical Company so that I do not have to explain it. I wanted to make several important points. First, you must get any overhead electric wires turned off before you do anything if they are within a certain distance. I drew one of the supporting structures and drew an arrow with the safety distance on it. Then I wanted to say that you must not transfer the wagon's contents in darkness or thunderstorms. I drew a moon and a lightning bolt above the vehicle. You must get specialist advice, so I drew a sheet of paper and wrote the word Plan near the vehicle. You also have to ensure that the vehicle does not move when the weight inside is removed. I drew little red wedges by the wheels. Everything I need to talk about is on this drawing. All I have to do is look at the drawing and it tells me what I need to cover. When I have covered all the things in the drawing, I have finished on that subject.
Note about database files accessed remotely. You may want to open a database file that is located on a remote source (eg; a web or FTP server or a MS Windows network share). K Desktop Environment allows you to open files from remote sources directly in applications and to save changes back to the source, but this is not the case with database files. By clicking on a database file located on a remote source, a copy of the file will be downloaded to a temporary directory on your computer and all your changes will be made to this local file. The remote original of the file will remain unchanged, so it's recommended to copy (download) the file to your computer first, then open the file and copy it back to the remote source if you want to make it up to date.
This tool displays the positions of Jupiter's four largest moons (Io, Europa, Ganymede, and Callisto) relative to Jupiter, as a function of time. Time is plotted vertically; the units are days and time=0.0 corresponds to the current simulation time. The horizontal axis displays the angular offset from Jupiter's position, in arcminutes. The offset is measured along the direction of Jupiter's equator. Each moon's position as a function of time traces a sinusoidal path in the plot, as the moon orbits around Jupiter. Each track is assigned a different color to distinguish it from the others; the name labels at the top of the window indicate the color used by each moon.
If you use this source & kmouth; will ask you for the intended file. You may either select an & XML; file, a standard text file or a file containing a word completion dictionary created by either & kmouth; or GOK (the GNOME On-screen Keyboard). If you select a standard text file or an & XML; file the frequentness of the individual words is detected by simply counting the occurrences of each word. Optionally you can compare the word list to an OpenOffice. org dictionary in order to only add correctly spelled words to the new dictionary.
Because this is a time consuming process, it does not happen all at once. Instead, the old cover is only converted when the cover needs to be shown on screen. As the conversion process is happening, & juk; will recognize what tracks would have shown the cover being converted, and will automatically apply the new cover to those tracks. The end result is that there should be no visible changes: & juk; will keep the same cover on your tracks that they've always had, except that now you can immediately take advantage of the new cover management features.
The most convenient way to contact us is to use the krusader; Forum, or the krusader-users mailing lists. For information on what remains to be done look at the ToDo Forum. Adding ToDo items into the ToDo Forum is for developers only, but feel free to post to the New Features Discussion/ Requests Forum for things that are n't on the ToDo Forum, but should be. If you have a nice feature request, the & krusader; Krew will add your request to the ToDo Forum. We review and discuss every submission. For more information how the forum works click here.
The Colors settings of the & kcontrolcenter; allow you to control the colors that are used for various window elements, such as window titlebars, window backgrounds, text, and buttons. You can change the color of each window element by selecting the element from the drop down list and choosing a color for it. You can then save your changes by clicking on Save Scheme.... This will save your settings in a Color Scheme file. Color schemes are text files, with a. kcsrc extension, that contain entries for each window widget and its color, in RGB format. It is also very easy to add color schemes that you have downloaded by clicking on Import Scheme... and pointing to the. kcsrc file. With color schemes, you can save the changes you have done in one convenient file or easily change to a predefined color setting, without having to change each window element separately.
This will open the dialog whereby the toolbar configuration may be changed. The user can choose which shortcut buttons should appear on the toolbar. A display window on the left lists the commands available to placed on the toolbar. A display on the right lists those commands already on the toolbar. A set of four arrow buttons between the two displays manipulates the selections. The right pointing arrow places any command selected in the left pane onto the right pane, i. e., it is added to the toolbar. The left arrow does just the opposite, removing any action selected in the right window from the toolbar. The up and down pointing arrows change the position of an action selected in the right window which changes the position of its button in the toolbar.
This host of different character coding tables has been creating problems on many applications: for example, you cannot write a course of Turkish in French without losing one language's special characters. There is general agreement that, sooner or later, everybody will switch to Unicode. There are many implementations of Unicode, and UTF-8 is the most successful in & Linux;; & Windows; reg; relies instead on the more cumbersome and less flexible UCS-2. Some distributions, as RedHat, have already begun setting their default encoding to UTF-8, and therefore you may be very interested in using of the utf8x argument to the inputenc package.
The taskbar is up next on the panel. It shows an area for all open windows on all desktops by default. You can make it show all open windows on the current desktop only by checking Only show tasks from the current desktop when you right click on the task manager, between two windows. The size of the text on the taskbar items can be set in & systemsettings; under the Appearance Fonts Taskbar. Right-clicking on the taskbar brings the Settings dialog where you can choose several options to customize your taskbar.
Change which processes are shown, and how they are shown. The processes can be further filtered by using the Quick Search text filter. All ProcessesShow all the processes on the system. All Processes, treeShow all the processes on the system, in a hierarchical manner using the parent PID information. System ProcessesShow processes running as root and as a user who cannot login. User ProcessesShow processes running as a non-root user who can login. Own ProcessesShow processes owned by the same user that this process is owned by. Programs OnlyShow processes which are running as a user who can login and are either attached to a TTY or have at least one X11 Window. Technical Information: Processes with multiple threads are just shown as a single process, and not treated any differently. Kernel threads are shown as normal processes, but are actually running inside the kernel and are not real processes. As such, many of the fields (such as Username) do not apply.
Create a group called CertificateCreationWizard in the system-wide kleopatrarc. If you want a custom order of attributes or if you only want certain items to appear, create a key called DNAttributeOrder. The argument is one or more of CN, SN, GN, L, T, OU, O, PC, C, SP, DC, BC, EMAIL If you want to initialize fields with a certain value, write something like Attribute=value. If you want the attribute to be treated as a required one, append an exclamation mark (e. g. CN!, L, OU, O!, C!, EMAIL!, which happens to be the default configuration).
This selects which mailbox format will be the default for local folders: mbox: KMail's mail folders are represented by a single file each. Individual messages are separated from each other by a line starting with "From". This saves space on disk, but may be less robust, e. g. when moving messages between folders. maildir: KMail's mail folders are represented by real folders on disk. Individual messages are separate files. This may waste a bit of space on disk, but should be more robust, e. g. when moving messages between folders.
This in most instances means that you have installed & kppp; without setuid bit on while you, the person executing & kppp;, does n't have write access to the lock file folder which by default is / var/ lock. This for example is the case on & RedHat; systems. Check the modem dialog for the precise location you have chosen. The solution is easy -- either run & kppp; setuid if you can afford to, or give regular users write access to / var/ lock or create a modem group that will have access to the / var/ lock file.
Nearly every & kde; application has one or more toolbars at the top of the application window, underneath the menu. The toolbar contains icons (toolbar buttons) that represent commonly used actions and configuration settings. The & kmail; window, for instance, has a toolbar that contains buttons for New Message, Check Mail and several others. Each of these actions is something you do often, so that's why they have toolbar buttons as well as menu entries (New Message is under Message New Message, Check Mail is File Check Mail).
As you saw in the previous chapter, & kig; allows you to create your own objects. & kig; also makes sure that once you have created an object, it is saved on exit and loaded on startup. You do not have to manually save or load macro definitions. However, & kig; does allow you to do more with the macros. If you select Types Manage Types... from the menu, you will see a dialog where you can edit your types. It allows you to modify the existant types, delete types that are no longer used, export them to a file, or even load them from another file.
Enabling Allow automatic delayed reloading/ redirecting allows websites to send you to another page without your interaction. In many cases, this is a convenience. For example, the website has moved to a new URL. Many webmasters in this situation will put up a page on the old site, telling you that it has moved and you may like to change your bookmark, and then automatically move you along to the new website. However, such features can be confusing, or annoying, when misused, and so you may wish to disable it.
This is the status display. Starting at the top, from right to left, is the main time display (see below for a discussion of the various possible time display modes), the status of the & CD-ROM; drive, the total play time of the audio & CD;, the current volume setting, and the current and maximum track numbers (curr. / max.). The bottommost two lines of text display the artist and title of the & CD;, and then the title of the track, assuming that appropriate entries exist in the local or network CDDB (CD; Data Base.)
PingAddresses = 192.168.100.0/ 255.255.255.0; 192.168.100.10-192.168.199.19; 192.168.200.1; PingNames = my_host1; my_host2 #Hosts by name (required for resLISa) AllowedAddresses = 192.168.0.0/ 255.255.0.0 BroadcastNetwork = 192.168.100.0/ 255.255.255.0 SearchUsingNmblookup = 1 #also try nmblookup FirstWait = 30 #30 one-hundredth's of a second SecondWait = -1 #Only try once #SecondWait = 60 #Try twice and wait 0.6 seconds UpdatePeriod = 300 #Update every 300 sec's DeliverUnnamedHosts = 0 #Do n't publish unnamed hosts MaxPingsAtOnce = 256 #Send up to 256 ICMP echo requests at once
A lot of users want to create PDF documents, but also want to use of the excellent Pstricks package to create & PostScript; graphics, or they want to use the & PostScript; output of mathematical and scientific software like Mathematica, Maple or MuPAD. These & latex; users have to compile first in & PostScript;, even if they want to create PDF documents, because these programs produce & PostScript; code which cannot be managed by & pdflatex;. However, it is not so hard as it may sound, because & kile; will help.
This mailing list focuses specifically on OS -independent questions and discussions regarding using & kde;. Operating-system-specific questions and discussion are off-topic here. For example, the question How do I change the margin size for KWord documents is appropriate for this list; whereas How do I set up my printer using & kde; under UnixOS X. Y is not. Questions asked and discussions here should apply to all & kde; users using the applicable & kde; software, not just those using the same operating system.
Please remember that the & kde; project is not a commercial venture, but rather a project run by volunteers from all over the world. We would like to invite you to join the & kde; project and become part of this unique network of people. If you are a programmer you might consider helping us write & kde; applications. If you are an artist or have experience with graphic design, consider creating icons sets, color schemes, sound schemes and logos for & kde;. If you enjoy writing we would love for you to join our documentation project.
The Correct for atmospheric refraction checkbox controls whether the positions of objects are corrected for the effects of the atmosphere. Because the atmosphere is a spherical shell, light from outer space is bent as it passes through the atmosphere to our telescopes or eyes on the Earth's surface. The effect is largest for objects near the horizon, and actually changes the predicted rise or set times of objects by a few minutes. In fact, when you see a sunset, the Sun's actual position is already well below the horizon; atmospheric refraction makes it seem as if the Sun is still in the sky. Note that atmospheric refraction is never applied if you are using Equatorial coordinates.
This puts a colored copy of either text or a drawn object behind it. You can make nice dropped shadows for logos with this tool. To enable this item, ensure that you have object(s) selected (you will see the eight small squares around the outline.) You choose the color, select which way the shadow is going to fall and select a distance. For text it looks nice if you set the distance to two or three. Click Apply to see the result of your settings for all selected objects on the slide without leaving the dialog.
eMovix Boot Labels eMovix provides a variety of different boot configurations which can be selected at boot time via a boot label (comparable to Lilo or Grub). The many different boot configurations mainly influence the Video output. The default, movix, or MoviX labels start a general Vesa video driver. The TV labels can be used to direct video to the TV output of the graphic board. eMovix provides TVout drivers for different brands of graphic boards. The FB labels refer to configurations that start a Frame Buffer driver in different screen resolutions. The AA labels make eMovix output the video through the ASCII-Art library which displays the picture in text mode through the usage of simple ASCII characters. The hd label makes eMovix boot from the local harddisk instead of the medium. This can be used to prevent accidental starting of an eMovix medium. The floppy label makes eMovix boot from the local floppy drive instead of the medium.
Suppose that the & URI; is http: / /www. google. com/ search? q=\\{@}, and gg is a shortcut to this & URI;. Then, typing gg: alpha is equivalent to http: / /www. google. com/ search? q= alpha. You could type anything after the: character; whatever you have typed simply replaces the \\{@} characters, after being converted to the appropriate character set for the search provider and then properly & URL; -encoded. Only the \\{@} part of the search & URI; is touched, the rest of it is supposed to be properly & URL; -encoded already and is left as is.
\\begin{figure}[placement] body of the figure \\caption{figure title} \\end{figure} Figures are objects that are not part of the normal text, and are usually floated to a convenient place. The optional argument [placement] determines where LaTeX will try to place your figure h: Here - at the position in the text where the figure environment appears t: Top - at the top of a text page b: Bottom - at the bottom of a text page p: Page of floats - on a separate float page, which is a page containing no text, only floats. The body of the figure is made up of whatever text or LaTeX commands, etc., you wish. The \\caption command allows you to title your figure.
The Horizontal coordinate system uses the observer's local horizon as the Fundamental Plane. This conveniently divides the sky into the upper hemisphere that you can see, and the lower hemisphere that you ca n't (because the Earth is in the way). The pole of the upper hemisphere is called the Zenith. The pole of the lower hemisphere is called the nadir. The angle of an object above or below the horizon is called the Altitude (Alt for short). The angle of an object around the horizon (measured from the North point, toward the East) is called the Azimuth. The Horizontal Coordinate System is sometimes also called the Alt/ Az Coordinate System.
The second type of memory, is called virtual or swap memory. This block of memory, is actually space on the hard drive. The operating system reserves a space on the hard drive for swap space. The operating system can use this virtual memory (or swap space), if it runs out of physical memory. The reason this is called swap memory, is the operating system takes some data that it does n't think you will want for a while, and saves that to disk in this reserved space. The operating system then loads the new data you need right now. It has swapped the not needed data, for the data you need right now. Virtual or swap memory is not as fast as physical memory, so operating systems try to keep data (especially often used data), in the physical memory.
& kspread; also provides a Drag and Copy method for copying cells down into other cells immediately below or to the right of the original cell(s). To use this method select the cell(s) to be copied then position the mouse pointer over the small black square at the bottom right corner of the selected cell(s) so the cursor changes to a double headed arrow. Then hold the left mouse button down while you drag the selected cell(s) as far as you wish. Note that cell references in formulae are incremented according to the relative position change. Absolute references are not changed.
The right panel lists the defined color schemes. There are four predefined schemes: the Default scheme, Star Chart, which uses black stars on a white background, Night Vision, which uses only shades of red in order to protect dark-adapted vision, and Moonless Night, a more realistic, dark theme. Additionally, you can save the current color settings as a custom scheme by clicking the Save Current Colors button. It will prompt you for a name for the new scheme, and then your scheme will appear in the list in all future & kstars; sessions. To remove a custom scheme, simply highlight it in the list, and press the Remove Color Scheme button.
Please note that this feature can cause some POP3 servers that do not support pipelining to send corrupted mail; this is configurable, though, because some servers support pipelining but do not announce their capabilities. To check whether your POP3 server announces pipelining support use the "Check What the Server Supports" button at the bottom of the Security tab in this dialog; if your server does not announce it, but you want more speed, then you should do some testing first by sending yourself a batch of mail and downloading it.
Set the output file format to use here: JPEG: output the processed image in JPEG format. This format will give smaller-sized files. Minimum JPEG compression level will be used during RAW conversion. Warning: Due to the destructive compression algorithm, JPEG is a lossy quality format. TIFF: output the processed image in TIFF format. This generates large files, without losing quality. Adobe Deflate compression will be used during conversion. PPM: output the processed image in PPM format. This generates the largest files, without losing quality. PNG: output the processed image in PNG format. This generates large files, without losing quality. Maximum PNG compression will be used during conversion.
This setting defines which users sharing this folder should get "busy" periods in their freebusy lists and should see the alarms for the events or tasks in this folder. The setting applies to Calendar and Task folders only (for tasks, this setting is only used for alarms). Example use cases: if the boss shares a folder with his secretary, only the boss should be marked as busy for his meetings, so he should select "Admins", since the secretary has no admin rights on the folder. On the other hand if a working group shares a Calendar for group meetings, all readers of the folders should be marked as busy for meetings. A company-wide folder with optional events in it would use "Nobody" since it is not known who will go to those events.
& kde; comes with a lot of documentation for applications and components. While it is possible to just browse the manuals until you find that piece of information you're looking for, this may be a very time-consuming task. To make this easier for you, & kde; offers fulltext search using a program called ht: / /dig. It works quite similar to search engines on the web, in fact some search engines you know might even use it. Just click on the Search tab in the & khelpcenter;, enter the word you are looking for, click Search and enjoy!
Currently & kdiff3; understands only C/ C++ comments. Using the Line-Matching-Preprocessor-Command you can also ignore other types of comments, by converting them into C/ C++-comments. Example: To ignore comments starting with "#", you would like to convert them to "/ /". Note that you also must enable the "Ignore C/ C++-Comments" option to get an effect. An appropriate Line-Matching-Preprocessor-Command would be: sed's/ #/ \\/ \\/ / 'Since for sed the "/" -character has a special meaning, it is necessary to place the "\\"-character before each" / "in the replacement-string. Sometimes the"\\ "is required to add or remove a special meaning of certain characters. The single quotation marks (') before and after the substitution-command are important now, because otherwise the shell will try to interpret some special characters like '# ', '$' or '\\ 'before passing them to sed. Note that on Windows you will need the double quotation marks (") here. Windows substitutes other characters like'% ', so you might have to experiment a little bit.
Basically, UserActions are a method to call external programs with variable parameters. For example, you could have a UserAction with the following xmms --enqueue %aList("Selected ")% to enqueue all selected items of the active panel to the current instance of xmms. Additionally, there is limited access to & krusader; internal functions requiring parameters. For example, %aPanelSize("80")% will set the width of the active panel to 80% of the & krusader; mainwindow. Since the parameter of placeholders can contain other placeholders, few scripts are possible. However, scripting can be done with the JavaScript console.
In some programming languages, integer numbers are treated differently than floating point ones by the compiler (the program that converts the source code to a binary executable), and there may be characters having a special meaning within a quoted string. In such cases, it makes sense to render them differently from the surroundings so that they are easy to identify while reading the text. So even if they do not represent special contexts, they may be seen as such by the syntax highlighting system, so that they can be marked for different rendering.
Selection of pages per sheet: You can choose to print more than one page onto each sheet of paper. This is sometimes useful to save paper. Note 1: the page images get scaled down accordingly to print 2 or 4 pages per sheet. The page image does not get scaled if you print 1 page per sheet (the default setting.). Note 2: If you select multiple pages per sheet here, the scaling and re-arranging is done by your printing system. Note 3, regarding "Other": You cannot really select Other as the number of pages to print on one sheet. "Other" is listed here for information purposes only. To select 8, 9, 16 or other numbers of pages per sheet: go to the tab headlined "Filter"; enable the Multiple Pages per Sheet filter;... and configure it (bottom-most button on the right of the "Filters" tab).
ToDo Forum here you will find the list of the planned features. Registered users will be able to VOTE and COMMENT on the TODO items. Here you get the chance to push your favourite features (+3) and still prefer certain features over others (+1), if you do n't care about a feature just simply do n't vote on that feature. Unregistered users may only browse the ToDo Forum. The ToDo ranking system contains the results based on the votes. Adding ToDo items or removing ToDo items which have been implemented will be done by the & krusader; Krew.
The Collection browser is the heart of & amarok;. The entire collection is viewable here and sorted using various groupings. Within each grouping, everything is always alphabetical, symbols and numbers first, and case insensitive. In every grouping method, tracks that have unknown artists and/ or albums are always grouped at the start of your collection, under Unknown. Although track numbers are not shown, tracks are listed in their album order. Clicking the header of the collection list reverses the sort order. Left-clicking on the expand icon to the left of any entry in your collection will expand that entry.
In the beginning, wait on the top of the left (or better, right) branch of the leftmost ladders until the enemies in the middle climb to the middle of the center ladder. Then drop to the horizontal ladder, move all the way to the right and drop to the floor, thus trapping several enemies. You have to release most of the enemies from where they are trapped, to get the gold from various places. In particular, you have to release the enemies trapped on the left half of the floor to get at least one piece of gold. Once you pick up the last piece of gold, the enemies will swarm the center ladder, so you will have to decide which piece of gold to pick up last. A reasonable choice is the one held by the three enemies in the lowest leg of the 3, as is the one in the center arm of the 3.
Section with algorithms for the conversion of different astronomical systems of coordinates Galactic: Galactic/ Equatorial coordinates conversion Apparent: Computation of current equatorial coordinates from a given epoch Ecliptic: Ecliptic/ Equatorial coordinates conversion Horizontal: Computation of azimuth and elevation for a given source, time, and location on the Earth Angular Distance: Computation of angular distance between two objects whose positions are given in equatorial coordinates Geodetic Coords: Geodetic/ XYZ coordinate conversion LSR Velocity: Computation of the heliocentric, geocentric and topocentric radial velocity of a source from its LSR velocity
& lt; !DOCTYPE KrusaderUserActions > & lt; KrusaderUserActions > & lt; action name="backup current "> & lt; title > Backup in Current Directorylt; /title > & lt; tooltip > Backup in current directorylt; /tooltip > & lt; icon > filesaveaslt; /icon > & lt; category > Systemlt; /category > & lt; description same_as="tooltip" / > & lt; command > %_Copy(quot; %aCurrent%quot;, & quot; %_Ask(quot; new namequot;, & quot; %aCurrent%. bakquot; )quot; )%lt; /command > & lt; defaultshortcut > Shift+F5lt; /defaultshortcut > & lt; /action > & lt; /KrusaderUserActions >
Treat all cookies as session cookies. Session cookies are small pieces of data that are temporarily stored in your computer's memory until you quit or close all applications (e. g. your browser) that use them. Unlike regular cookies, session cookies are never stored on your hard drive or other storage medium. NOTE: Checking this option along with the previous one will override your default as well as site specific cookie policies. However, doing so also increases your privacy since all cookies will be removed when the current session ends.
Top Margin. This spinbox/ text edit field lets you control the top margin of your printout if the printing application does not define its margins internally. The setting works for instance for ASCII text file printing, or for printing from KMail and Konqueror. Note: This margin setting is not intended for KOffice or OpenOffice. org printing, because these applications (or rather their users) are expected to do it by themselves. It also does not work for PostScript or PDF file, which in most cases have their margins hardcoded internally. Additional hint for power users: This KDEPrint GUI element corresponds to the CUPS command line job option parameter: -o page-top=... # use values from "0" or higher. "72" is equal to 1 inch.
Use clear language with correct spelling. Watch out for any ambiguities and make sure you think about what you say before you write it. If you are asked for clarification, give it as best you can. & kde; is a project where many of the users and developers are not native english speakers and if you do n't use correct english, misunderstandings may ensue. Use the language appropriate to the channel or mailing list you are in & mdash; if you do n't, people who might have been able to help you may ignore your message because it is not in a language they understand.
Exact measurement is possible because of hardware counters (including counters incrementing on a time tick) provided in modern processors, which are incremented whenever an event is happening. As we want to attribute events to code regions, without the counters, we would have to handle every event by incrementing a counter for the current code region ourself. Doing this in software is, of course, not possible; but, on the assumption that the event distribution over source code is similar when looking only at every n-th event instead of every event, a measurement method whose overhead is tunable has been developed: it is called Sampling. Time Based Sampling (TBS;) uses a timer to regularly look at the program counter to create a histogram over the program code. Event Based Sampling (EBS;) exploits the hardware counters of modern processors, and uses a mode where an interrupt handler is called on counter underflow to generate a histogram of the corresponding event distribution: in the handler, the event counter is always reinitialized to the n of the sampling method. The advantage of sampling is that the code does not have to be changed, but it is still a compromise: the above assumption will be more correct if n is small, but the smaller the n, the higher the overhead of the interrupt handler.
If you choose a rule-name in the list the rule will be displayed on the right-hand side; now you can edit the rule. At the top you can change the name of the rule and set the newsgroups to which this rule applies. You can choose one or more than one group, note that group names must be separated by a semicolon. You can choose from the subscribed groups with the drop-down list and the Add group button; or you can use regular expressions and wild cards, & eg;. * for all groups. The Expire rule automatically option makes it possible to delete the rule automatically after the configured number of days; this is useful if a specific person behaves badly and you do not want to read anything from this person for a few days.
Insert three text label widgets onto the form, placing them on the left side of the text fields (or on the right hand if your operating system uses right-to-left layout). On inserting a new label, a text cursor appears at the location where you can enter the desired title. Enter consecutively: Name, Surname and Street. Additionally, on the top of the form insert another label displaying name of the form, i. e. Persons. Enlarge this label's size and and increase the font size using Format Font... menu command.
Most of the time you will create new Albums and populate them with photographs directly from your camera using the Camera Tool. However, sometimes you may want to add a photograph that you already have on your computer to an existing Album. To add a photograph to an Album, make sure that the Album is selected. Then, either click the Add Images icon in the tool bar or select Import Add Images... from the menu bar. Select the photographs that you want to add from the file dialog and click Open. The photographs will be copied into the Album. Additionally, you can use drag and drop to import photographs. Drag the photographs icons, for example from a & konqueror; window. Then drop it on the image list on the right hand side.
Note that because the Local Time always increases by an hour when moving between Zones to the East, by the time you move through all 24 Time Zones, you are a full day ahead of where you started. We deal with this paradox by defining the International Date Line, which is a Time Zone boundary in the Pacific Ocean, between Asia and North America. Points just to the East of this line are 24 hours behind the points just to the West of the line. This leads to some interesting phenomena. A direct flight from Australia to California arrives before it departs. Also, the islands of Fiji straddle the International Date Line, so if you have a bad day on the West side of Fiji, you can go over to the East side of Fiji and have a chance to live the same day all over again.
The section labeled Cache Locations lets you determine where & kscd; saves CDDB information on your computer. To add a folder, enter the folder location in the text box at the top of the section and click Add. You can also select a folder by clicking on the blue file folder to the right of the text box. To delete a folder, click on the folder name once with the & LMB; and click Remove. You can change the order that & kscd; searches the folders by clicking on the folder name and clicking on the Move Up and Move Down buttons.
This bar gets its name from the function (FN) keys it represents. For each button on this bar there is a corresponding function key that performs the same action. This bar is derived from the design of the first twin-panel file managers and the FN keys usually act the same way with two changes: the F2 key will open a terminal at the last local path that the active panel pointed to, and the F9 key is used to rename files. Mkdir F7 can create whole directory trees on the fly & eg; foo/ bar/ test. You can choose to display or not the FN keys bar when starting up & krusader; via the Konfigurator Startup page, and you can toggle its use in the current session with the Settings menu. The actions and Key-Bindings performed by the function keys are configurable since version 1.51, they will remain active with or without the FN keys bar displayed.
& appname; offers three different actions when importing data. Replace current collection will close the current collection, and create a new one with the data from the imported file. Append to current collection tells & appname; to add all the entries in the imported collection to the current one, and to add any fields which do n't currently exist. The Merge collection action is the same as appending, except that each imported entry is compared to the current ones, and any identical entries are skipped. Future plans include an improved heuristic for identifying matching entries, but currently, except for music collections, they must be identical for every field. Music collections compare the artist and album only, and the tracks are merged for matching entries. The audio file importer is able to correctly build track lists by merging entries.
You can find several kinds of binary and source packages for different distributions and operating systems on the & kde-ftp;. The binary packages are not made by the & kde; Team, but by the distributors themselves, or some dedicated individuals. Please refer to kde; Package Policy Explained for information about the & kde; Package Policy. The only official release is the source tar. bz2 packages. Please refer to the README s and INSTALL s in the several binaries folders. For a list of the available packages for a release, refer to the relevant info page. For the latest release this is the kde; 3.4.1 Info Page.
So just as an example, let's say you wanted to set a cover for tracks you just ripped off of your & CD;. We'll use Alabama - Greatest Hits III for the sake of discussion. In & juk; 2.2, you could simply select any one of those tracks, and import a cover from the Internet by right-clicking on that track, and using the Tagger Cover Manager Get Cover From Internet command. As a side effect of the way & juk; worked, the cover would then be immediately applied to all of the Alabama - Greatest Hits III tracks, whether you wanted that or not.
Margins These settings control the margins of printouts on the paper. They are not valid for jobs originating from applications that define their own page layout internally and send PostScript to KDEPrint (such as KOffice or OpenOffice. org). When printing from KDE applications, such as KMail and Konqueror, or printing an ASCII text file through kprinter, you can choose your preferred margin settings here. Margins may be set individually for each edge of the paper. The combo box at the bottom lets you change the units of measurement between Pixels, Millimeters, Centimeters, and Inches. You can even use the mouse to grab one margin and drag it to the intended position (see the preview picture on the right side). Additional hint for power users: This KDEPrint GUI element corresponds to the CUPS command line job option parameter: -o page-top=... # example: "72" -o page-bottom=... # example: "24" -o page-left=... # example: "36" -o page-right=... # example: "12"
Abbreviation for P ostScript P rinter D escription; PPDs are ASCII files storing all information about the special capabilities of a printer, plus definitions of the (PostScript- or PJL-) commands to call on a certain capability (like print duplexing). As the explanation of the acronym reveals, PPDs were originally only used for & PostScript; printers. & CUPS; has extended the PPD concept to all types of printers. PPDs for & PostScript; printers are provided by the printer vendors. They can be used with & CUPS; and KDEPrint to have access to the full features of any & PostScript; printer. The KDEPrint Team recommends using a PPD originally intended for use with & Microsoft; Windows NT. PPDs for non-PostScript printers need a companion "filter" to process the & PostScript; print files into a format digestible for the non-PostScript target device. Those PPD/ filter combos are not (yet) available from the vendors. After the initiative by the & CUPS; developers to utilize PPDs, the Free Software community was creative enough to quickly come up with support for most of the currently used printer models, through PPDs and classical Ghostscript filters. But note: the printout quality varies from "hi-quality photographic output" (using Gimp-Print with most Epson inkjets) to "hardly readable" (using Foomatic-enabled Ghostscript filters for models rated as "paperweight" in the Linuxprinting. org database).
In the center of the window, there is a column of buttons which operate on individual script functions. From top to bottom, they are: Add Function, Remove Function, Copy Function, Move Up, and Move Down. Add Function adds the currently-highlighted function in the Function Browser to the Current Script box (you can also add a function by double-clicking on it). The rest of the buttons operate on the function highlighted in the Current Script box, either removing it, duplicating it, or changing its position in the current script.
Monitor Gamma This is a tool for changing monitor gamma correction. Use the four sliders to define the gamma correction either as a single value, or separately for the red, green and blue components. You may need to correct the brightness and contrast settings of your monitor for good results. The test images help you to find proper settings. You can save them system-wide to XF86Config (root access is required for that) or to your own KDE settings. On multi head systems you can correct the gamma values separately for all screens.
Check the Use custom message-id suffix checkbox if you want & kmail; to generate Message-Id's with a custom suffix. Enter the desired suffix in the Custom message-id suffix field. Please make sure that the suffix that you specify is world-wide unique. The best thing is to use the name of a domain which you are the owner of. If you do not check Use custom Message-Id suffix then & kmail; will automatically generate the complete Message-Id. If you do not know what this is all about do not check this option.
You can move all items of the panel around with the Move command of the context menu. Just click with the third mouse button (the third mouse button is normally the right button, but if you have configured your mouse differently, for example for left-handers, it might also be the left one). A menu will pop up where you can choose Move. Now move the mouse and see how the icon follows while still staying on the panel. When you are done, simply hit the first mouse button (by default the left one). As you may have noticed, there is also a menu entry Remove in case you are tired of a certain launch button on your desktop.
Although there are a lot of insecure SMB networks out there which allow access to anyone, in principle you have to authenticate yourself to access the services of an SMB server. By default, & kde; will use the data entered in the Default user name and Default password fields to authenticate itself on SMB hosts. If you leave the field Default user name empty, & kde; will try to access SMB hosts without a username. If you leave the default password empty, it will try without a password. If & kde; is unsuccessful accessing the host using these settings, you will be asked for a username and a password.
It looks as though you should trap two enemies in the two pits at the bottom. Try it, but it is very hard to get one into the right hand pit and you are apt to get an enemy with gold in the left hand pit. Four false bricks further left prevent you running over from the left and digging. It is best to pick up the bottom row of gold last, dropping in via the hanging nugget at the right and escaping via the ladder that appears. The key to clearing up the left hand section is the line of ladders embedded in the bricks. Exit via the three places that have false bricks beneath them. It is suicide to drop onto the middle of the T-shaped bricks. Start by collecting the gold on the right of the T: then you can get an enemy to run into the U-shaped pit. Watch out for the false brick in the middle of the platform at the lower left. You have to collect the gold in separate trips from the left and the right.
If you check this box, only the first letter will be written if the letter is found in several places in the word. Then you have to rechoose the same letter, to replace the second instance in the word until there are no more instances of this letter. For example, the word to guess is "potato". If this option is unchecked, when you try "o", the two instances of "o" in the word will be discovered at the same time. If this is checked, you will need to try "o" twice. Default is that for one letter typed, all instances of that letter in the word are discovered.
Did you take a look at the & URL; 's on the Installation procedure page? If you have and found nothing, you can always compile & krusader; from source. Even if you feel you have n't got the necessary skills, you will probably succeed in compiling & krusader;: we provide a very detailed installation procedure. This HowTo enables newcomers to compile & krusader; from source, even if they have never done a compilation from source before, just follow the instructions carefully. Feel free to post a help request if you encounter problems.
& kspread; can provide some protection against losing your work because of a computer crash or because you have closed & kspread; without saving the current document. It does this by automatically saving the latest version of the document you are working on every few minutes using a modified file name. The autosaved version is normally removed when you next save your document, so that it will only exist if it is more up to date than the version that was saved manually. When you open a document & kspread; checks to see if an autosaved version exists, and if it finds one it will offer to open that instead.
You can search for a string in any text-window of & kdiff3;. The "Find..." -command (Ctrl-F) in the Edit-menu opens a dialog that lets you specify the string to search for. You can also select the windows which should be searched. Searching will always start at the top. Use the "Find Next"-command (F3) to proceed to the next occurrence. If you select to search several windows then the first window will be searched from top to bottom before the search starts in the next window at the top again, etc.
About two years after the Video CD 1.1 specification came out, an improved Video CD 2.0 standard was published in 1995. This one added the following items to the features already available in the Video CD 1.1 specification: Support for MPEG segment play items ("SPI"), consisting of still pictures, motion pictures and/ or audio (only) streams was added. Note Segment Items::. Support for interactive playback control ("PBC") was added. Support for playing related access by providing a scan point index file was added. ("/ EXT/ SCANDATA. DAT")Support for closed captions. Support for mixing NTSC and PAL content. By adding PAL support to the Video CD 1.1 specification, the following resolutions became available:352 x 240 @ 29.97 Hz (NTSC SIF).352 x 240 @ 23.976 Hz (FILM SIF).352 x 288 @ 25 Hz (PAL SIF). For segment play items the following audio encodings became available: Joint stereo, stereo or dual channel audio streams at 128, 192, 224 or 384 kbit/ sec bit-rate. Mono audio streams at 64, 96 or 192 kbit/ sec bit-rate. Also the possibility to have audio only streams and still pictures was provided. The bit-rate of multiplex-ed streams should be kept under 174300 bytes/ sec (except for single still picture items) in order to accommodate single speed drives.
If you fill out this field, an additional -I file names option is given go the cvs import command. This entry is interpreted as a whitespace-separated list of file name patterns which are ignored. In general, a cleaner and less error-prone way to control which files go into the repository is to create a folder with only the files which you want to import and start from that. Nevertheless, this entry may be useful if the project contains files which are by default ignored by & CVS;, & eg; files with the name core. In such a case, simply enter the character! in this field: this overrules & CVS; 's scheme of ignored files, see.
The Album Library Path is the location on your hard disk where & digikam; will store all of the Albums. If you change this location without manually moving all of the Albums on the hard disk, & digikam; assumes that there are no existing Albums and will generate a new database at the new location. Your old Albums will not be altered but you will need to change the Album Library Path back to the old location to access them. If you are not sure of what you are doing it is best not to change this location.
With the Import shortcuts and Export shortcuts buttons you can load and save a Key-binding profile. This allows & krusader; to have the Total Commander, Midnight Commander, foo-commander, or your custom Key-bindings. The only limitation is that global & kde; key-bindings and some & krusader; key-bindings can not be changed yet, as well as some features in foo-commander that we either do not have or need. The Key-bindings are stored in $KDEDIR/ share/ apps/ krusader, foo. keymap. info contains a description, foo. keymap is an ini file that holds the Key-bindings. Until & krusader; -1.70.1 this was a binary file, & krusader; is backwards compatible for importing this legacy binary format. If a *. keymap. info text file exists, & krusader; will display it, showing additional information regarding the loaded Key-bindings file. Here you have a chance to exit without importing the proposed Key-bindings file.
Unknown error. If you have a cd in the drive try running cdparanoia -vsQ as yourself (not root). Do you see a track list? If not, make sure you have permission to access the CD device. If you are using SCSI emulation (possible if you have an IDE CD writer) then make sure you check that you have read and write permissions on the generic SCSI device, which is probably / dev/ sg0, / dev/ sg1, etc.. If it still does not work, try typing audiocd: / ?device=/ dev/ sg0 (or similar) to tell kio_audiocd which device your CD-ROM is.
This option is most useful if you want to create an icon that will open a particular application. It opens a dialog box with three tabbed pages. The first, General, is where you choose an icon and the text that will appear with it. The second page, Permissions, lets you select who can use or modify the icon. In the Application page you must enter the Command that will run the application, for example, kedit to start up the & kedit; text editor. kedit / home/ pam/ todo. txt would open the file / home/ pam/ todo. txt in & kedit;. Advanced options such as the file types which the application can open are also available from this page.
Choose the editor you want to launch when & okular; wants to open a source file. This is the case when the document has references to the various points (usually row and column number) of sources it was generated from. The & DVI; format supports natively the addition of the information about the sources the LaTeX document was generated from. A similar system exists for & PDF; documents, called pdfsync, which stores these extra information in an external file named after the & PDF; file itself (for example mydocument. pdfsync for mydocument. pdf).
When you are satisfied with a set of key bindings you've created, you may want to save them to a scheme of your own, so that you can still experiment with the bindings and always return to a certain scheme. You can always do this by clicking on the Add button. You will be prompted for a name and then the new scheme will appear in the key schemes listbox. You can remove your own schemes again by selecting a scheme and clicking the Remove button. Click the Save changes button to save any changes you have made to the currently selected scheme. Note that you can not remove or save changes to KDE default or to Current scheme.
If this option is checked, K3b enables Burnfree (or Just Link). This is a feature of the CD writer which avoids buffer underruns. Without burnfree, if the writer cannot get any more data a buffer underrun would occur, since the writer needs a constant stream of data to write the CD. With burnfree the writer can mark the current position of the laser and get back to it when the buffer is filled again; but, since this means having little data gaps on the CD, it is highly recommended to always choose an appropriate writing speed to prevent the usage of burnfree, especially for audio CDs (in the worst case one would hear the gap). Burnfree was formerly known as Burnproof, but has since been renamed when it became part of the MMC standard.
This option controls what happens if you press one of the shortcuts to go to the next or previous unread message (eg; Space). If you ask & kmail; to go to the next unread message although there is no unread message below the currently selected message then the following happens: If Do not Loop is selected then nothing will happen. If Loop in Current Folder is selected then & kmail; will search from the beginning of the current folder for an unread message. If none is found then nothing happens. If Loop in All Folders is selected then & kmail; will first search in the current folder for another unread message. If none is found then & kmail; will search the next folder containing unread messages. Correspondingly, if you ask & kmail; to go to the previous unread message.
Over the six-month period, the Earth has moved through half its orbit around the Sun; in this time its position has changed by 2 Astronomical Units (abbreviated AU; 1 AU is the distance from the Earth to the Sun, or about 150 million kilometers). This sounds like a really long distance, but even the nearest star to the Sun (alpha Centauri) is about 40 trillion kilometers away. Therefore, the annual parallax is very small, typically smaller than one arcsecond, which is only 1/ 3600 of one degree. A convenient distance unit for nearby stars is the parsec, which is short for "parallax arcsecond". One parsec is the distance a star would have if its observed parallax angle was one arcsecond. It is equal to 3.26 light-years, or 31 trillion kilometers Astronomers like this unit so much that they now use kiloparsecs to measure galaxy-scale distances, and Megaparsecs to measure intergalactic distances, even though these distances are much too large to have an actual, observable parallax. Other methods are required to determine these distances.
To facilitate the use of barcode scanners, searches can include multiple ISBN/ UPC values. Selecting the Multiple ISBN/ UPC search check box will disable the search box and enable the Edit ISBN/ UPC values... button, which will open a multi-line text entry box. Each ISBN should be entered on a line by itself. After closing the box, each ISBN will be validated for correct formatting. The ISBN validation is able to convert 13-digit EAN values, as well as full UPC codes, to the proper formatting. The ISBN list may also be read from a text file.
In this dialog you can fill in any particular commands appropriate for your modem. If you own a Hayes compatible modem, you most likely wo n't need to change any of the defaults, but you are encouraged to read the Hayes Commands Appendix in this help file. The information supplied there can be very helpful in cases where you experience trouble setting up a stable connection with your ISP's modems. In particular the two settings for Pre-Init Delay and for Post-Init Delay if you are experiencing modem lockups. These settings make & kppp; pause a little just before and just after sending the initialization string to your modem. The Pre-Init Delay will by default also send a CR, unless you have set it the delay interval to 0.
Fall off the ledge, digging left to go left up the ladder. Continue left from the pole, then fall while digging left and collect some gold. Go right, fall through the false brick below the ladder, continue right and fall through a brick tunnel to the pole below. Head right and fall through another brick tunnel while digging right. Dig and trap the enemy, next to the ladder, run up and left then dig and fall to collect the gold. Dig to trap the enemy again. When the first hole fills, run up to the top of the section with the enemy following. Dig at the left to collect gold and fall back onto the pole. Now head left and fall through a brick tunnel, digging left to trap the next enemy. Go to the upper left of the section, then fall and dig left and jump left to reach the platform at the bottom left. You can now navigate the spiral of ladders and brick tunnels to pick up four more gold pieces. After that, go back out to the right, fall and walk over the enemy trapped at the bottom, to return to the right hand half of the play area. Head up the ladders to the upper right, then fall, digging right twice, to gather the last piece of gold. Repeat falling in the brick tunnel to the right and digging right to trap the enemy. Finally, escape via the right hand side of the play area.
Please insert the command used to encode the audio data. The command has to read raw little endian (see Swap Byte Order) 16-bit stereo audio frames from stdin. The following strings will be replaced by K3b: %f - The filename of the resulting file. This is where the command has to write its output to. The following refer to metadata stored for example in the ID3 tag of an mp3 file (Be aware that these values might be empty). %t - Title %a - Artist %c - Comment %n - Track number %m - Album Title %r - Album Artist %x - Album comment %y - Release Year
The'Progress and Seeking 'toolbar is shown when the time length of a media file is known. It displays the playback progress and also allows seeking, that is, moving the playback point back and forth within the file. To seek to a specific position, drag the slider thumb to that position with the left mouse button, or simply click at that position with the middle mouse button. To move forward or backward in steps, left click the slider to the left or right of the thumb, or click the Forward and Backward buttons.
Okay, you've decided to use & kpresenter; for your presentation. Before you start making transparencies or animated slide shows, go and find a piece of paper and sit down at a desk away from the computer. It does n't matter whether you are doing a teaching session or trying to convince the boss that your plan, policy or idea should be adopted, you need to figure out what you are trying to say. Write down all the subjects you need to cover, try to get them in the order you think will make sense. Do n't put any details in yet, just decide on headings and the structure of your talk.
When you start the level selection dialog, the default level will be something reasonable, such as the last level you played or edited. You can select another level by using the spinbox arrows, by typing the level number into the spinbox or by moving the slider. The arrows at the ends of the slider increase or decrease the number by one. Also you can drag the slider with the left mouse button held down and change the level number rapidly. Or you can change the level number in steps of 10 by clicking in the space above or below the slider handle.
According to the settings in your. cvsignore files, the files you usually do not want to include into the repository - such as object files - are not shown in the tree view. For each file, you see its corresponding status. In the default setting, after opening the sandbox, this is "Unknown" because & cervisia; delays the fetching of information until you select the files and folders whose status you want to update or view and choose File Update or File Status. With this approach, you have a minimal amount of functionality available even if you do not have a permanent connection to the & CVS; server.
Mathematicians calculate that a 3x3x3 cube can be shuffled into 43,252,003,274,489,856,000 different patterns, yet they conjecture that all positions can be solved in 20 moves or less. The method that can do that (as yet undiscovered) is called God's Algorithm. Practical methods can take more than 100 moves. As there are 12 face-move possibilities at each step, the chances of solving the cube by trial and error are rather remote. Some cubes have 9-part pictures on the faces and that makes them even more complex, because you then have to get the orientations of the stickers correct as well as the positions.
With & cervisia;, it is quite easy to maintain a ChangeLog file that is compliant with the format laid out in the & GNU; coding guidelines. To use it, choose File Insert ChangeLog Entry.... If a file with the name ChangeLog exists in the toplevel folder of your sandbox, this file will be loaded and you have the possibility to edit it. To this end, at the top of the file, an entry with the current date and your user name (which can be configured as described in) is inserted. When you are finished the dialog can be closed by clicking OK, the next commit dialog you open will have the log message set to the message you last entered in the ChangeLog.
Most known is the GCC profiling tool gprof: one needs to compile the program with option -pg; running the program generates a file gmon. out, which can be transformed into human-readable form with gprof. One disadvantage is the required re-compilation step to prepare the executable, which has to be statically linked. The method used here is compiler-generated instrumentation, which measures call arcs happening among functions and corresponding call counts, in conjunction with & TBS;, which gives a histogram of time distribution over the code. Using both pieces of information, it is possible to heuristically calculate inclusive time of functions, & ie; time spent in a function together with all functions called from it.
Abbreviation for M ultipurpose (or Multimedia) I nternet M ail E xtensions; & MIME; -Types were first used to allow the transport of binary data (like mail attachments containing graphics) over mail connections that were normally only transmitting ASCII characters: the data had to be encoded into an ASCII representation. Later this concept was extended to describe a data format in a platform independent, but at the same time non-ambiguous, way. From & Windows; everybody knows the. doc extensions for & Microsoft; Word files. This is handled ambiguously on the & Windows; platform:. doc extensions are also used for simple text files or for Adobe Framemaker files. And if a real Word file is renamed with a different extension, it can no longer be opened by the program. & MIME; typed files carry a recognition string with them, describing their file format based on main_category/ sub_category. Inside IPP, print files are also described using the & MIME; type scheme. & MIME; types are registered with the IANA (Internet Assigning Numbers Association) to keep them unambiguous. & CUPS; has some & MIME; types of its own registered, like application/ vnd. cups-raster (for the & CUPS; -internal raster image format).
By creating a unified set of query functions for & IPP; enabled printers and servers, for transferring files and setting job-control attributes & etc;, & IPP; is destined to work across all & OS; platforms. Its rollout however, will not happen overnight, as many legacy print devices will still be in use for many years to come. Therefore, in & IPP; there is a provision made for backwards compatibility of all & IPP; implementations. & CUPS; is proving the viability of & IPP; printing in all environments.
Now that we have finished the script, we should save it to disk. Press the Save Script button. This will first open a window in which you can provide a name for the script, and fill in your name as the author. Enter Tracking the Moon for a name, and your name as the author, and press OK. Next, you will see the standard & kde; Save File dialog. Specify a filename for the script and press OK to save the script. Note that if your filename does not end with. kstars, this suffix will be automatically attached. If you are curious, you can examine the script file with any text editor.
Enter here the Subject Reference Number. Provides a numeric code to indicate the Subject Name plus optional Subject Matter and Subject Detail Names in the language of the service. Subject Reference is a number from the range 01000000 to 17999999 and represent a language independent international reference to a Subject. A Subject is identified by its Reference Number and corresponding Names taken from a standard lists given by IPTC/ NAA. If a standard reference code is used, these lists are the English language reference versions. This field is limited to 8 ASCII digit code.
The fraction format changes your number into a fraction. For example, 0.1 can be changed to 1/ 8, 2/ 16, 1/ 10, etc. You define the type of fraction by choosing it in the field on the right. If the exact fraction is not possible in the fraction mode you choose, the nearest closest match is chosen. For example: when we have 1.5 as number, we choose Fraction and Sixteenths 1/ 16 the text displayed into cell is "1 8/ 16" which is an exact fraction. If you have 1.4 as number in your cell and you choose Fraction and Sixteenths 1/ 16 then the cell will display "1 6/ 16" which is the nearest closest Sixteenth fraction.
From & Windows; clients jobs nearly always need to be sent as raw. Why? If & CUPS; works as a print server for & Windows; clients using the original native & Windows; driver for the target print device, this guarantees the correct formatting of the job on the clients already; therefore the server should not touch it and print raw; therefore no filtering is started (and this is not even possible as the input from the clients is not & PostScript; as pstops expects; hence no page-count other than the default 1.
For each procmail spoolfile you then need to create an account from which & kmail; will fetch new mail; you also need to make sure you specify the right lockfile name for this account. When setting up an account, & kmail; will do some minimal parsing on your. procmail file, and will try to list every spoolfile it has found, and also the lockfiles next to the procmail lockfile item. procmail lets the user specify lockfiles in three different ways, so there is no way to establish a correspondence between the spoolfiles and lockfiles; so it's really up to you to make sure you specify the right lockfile for each spoolfile.
Invitations are normally sent as attachments to a mail. This switch changes the invitation mails to be sent in the text of the mail instead; this is necessary to send invitations and replies to Microsoft Outlook. But, when you do this, you no longer get descriptive text that mail programs can read; so, to people who have email programs that do not understand the invitations, the resulting messages look very odd. People that have email programs that do understand invitations will still be able to work with this.
& kdeprint; has been developed on a system using & CUPS; 1.1.6. & kdeprint; has been tested on other versions of & CUPS; and so far no incompatibilities are known. By the time of writing this Handbook, & CUPS; 1.1.9 is out with a few new features not yet supported by & kdeprint;. Of course you are able to access these features, but you will need to bypass & kdeprint; and use the & CUPS; command-line tools or edit configuration files manually. & kdeprint; 's development will go on and this Handbook strives to always be the best available user documentation resource for it.
This option changes the behavior of the cursor when the user presses the Page Up or Page Down key. If unselected the text cursor will maintain its relative position within the visible text in & kappname; as new text becomes visible as a result of the operation. So if the cursor is in the middle of the visible text when the operation occurs it will remain there (except when one reaches the beginning or end.) With this option selected, the first key press will cause the cursor to move to either the top or bottom of the visible text as a new page of text is displayed.
Foomatic started out as the wrapper name for a set of different tools available from Linuxprinting. org These tools aimed to make the usage of traditional Ghostscript and other print filters easier for users and extend the filters' capabilities by adding more command line switches or explain the driver's execution data. Foomatic's different incarnations are & CUPS; -O-Matic, PPD-O-Matic, PDQ-O-Matic, LPD-O-Matic, PPR-O-Matic, MF-O-Matic and Direct-O-Matic. All of these allow the generation of appropriate printer configuration files online, by simply selection the suitable model and suggested (or alternate) driver for that machine. More recently, Foomatic gravitated towards becoming a "meta-spooling" system, that allows configuration of the underlying print subsystem through a unified set of commands (however, this is much more complicated than KDEPrint's & GUI; interface, which performs a similar task with regards to different print subsystems).
When reading feed articles, often you may want to read the web page that belongs to the article: some articles only contain the headline, and not the actual content. In this case, you need to visit the web page to read the complete article. Or perhaps an article links to some website, or you are reading a blog and want to comment on an entry. For these situations, & akregator; contains a simple web browser. Whenever you follow a link in the article viewer, by default & akregator; opens the link in new tab.
Profile Dumps This dockable shows in the top part the list of loadable profile dumps in all subdirectories of: current working directory of KCachegrind, i. e. where it was started from, and the default profile dump directory given in the configuration. The list is sorted according to the target command profiled in the corresponding dump. On selecting a profile dump, information for it is shown in the bottom area of the dockable: Options allows you to view the profiled command and profile options of this dump. By changing any item, a new (yet unexisting) profile template is created. Press Run Profile to start a profile run with these options in the background. Info gives detailed info on the selected dump like event cost summary and properties of the simulated cache. State is only available for current happening profiles runs. Press Update to see different counters of the run, and a stack trace of the current position in the program profiled. Check the Every option to let KCachegrind regularly poll these data. Check the Sync option to let the dockable activate the top function in the current loaded dump.
The external program pdf2ps could not be started. As a result, the PDF-file %1 could not be converted to PostScript. Some graphic elements in your document will therefore not be displayed. Possible reason: The program pdf2ps may not be installed on your system, or cannot be found in the current search path. What you can do: The program pdf2ps is normally contained in distributions of the ghostscript PostScript interpreter system. If ghostscipt is not installed on your system, you could install it now. If you are sure that ghostscript is installed, try to use pdf2ps from the command line to check if it really works. PATH: %2
The kgoldrunner; method searches alternately for horizontal and vertical paths, which tends to keep the enemies over your side of the playing area and at about the same height (ie; they are more aggressive and not so easy to manipulate). That leads to a more action-packed game, but with less opportunity for strategy and puzzle-solving. However the State of Terror game, added in 2007, uses kgoldrunner; rules and has plenty of puzzles to solve while you are on the run. That is why it is such a difficult game.
The & kde; session manager also restores one of the previous sessions. A session contains a collection of applications as well as application-specific information that reflects the state of the applications at the time the session was saved. Sessions are stored in the ksmserverrc configuration file which contains references to application-specific state information. The application-specific state information is saved in $KDEHOME / share/ config/ session. The state information of & kwin; contains the location of the application windows of all the other applications in the session.
Other KPhotoAlbum users may now load the import file into their database, by choosing import in the file menu. If they find it on a web site, and the web server is correctly configured, all they need to do is simply to click it from within konqueror. To enable this, your web server needs to be configured for KPhotoAlbum. You do so by adding the following line to / etc/ httpd/ mime. types or similar: application/ vnd. kde. kphotoalbum-import kim This will make your web server tell konqueror that it is a KPhotoAlbum file when clicking on the link, otherwise the web server will just tell konqueror that it is a plain text file.
The Copyright Notice should contain any necessary copyright notice for claiming the intellectual property, and should identify the current owner(s) of the copyright for the photograph. Usually, this would be the photographer, but if the image was done by an employee or as work-for-hire, then the agency or company should be listed. Use the form appropriate to your country. USA: & copy; {date of first publication} name of copyright owner, as in "copy; 2005 John Doe." Note, the word "copyright" or the abbreviation "copr" may be used in place of the & copy; symbol. In some foreign countries only the copyright symbol is recognized and the abbreviation does not work. Furthermore the copyright symbol must be a full circle with a "c" inside; using something like (c) where the parentheses form a partial circle is not sufficient. For additional protection worldwide, use of the phrase, "all rights reserved" following the notice above is encouraged. In Europe you would use: Copyright {Year} {Copyright owner}, all rights reserved. In Japan, for maximum protection, the following three items should appear in the copyright field of the IPTC Core: (a) the word, Copyright; (b) year of the first publication; and (c) name of the author. You may also wish to include the phrase "all rights reserved". With XMP, you can include more than one copyright string using different languages. With IPTC, this field is limited to 128 ASCII characters.
The option Write documentation comments even if empty instructs the Code Generator to write comments of the / ** blah */ style even if the comment blocks are empty. If you added documentation to your classes, methods or attributes in your Model, the Code Generator will write these comments as Doxygen documentation regardless of what you set here, but if you select this option & umbrello; will write comment blocks for all classes, methods and attributes even if there is no documentation in the Model, in which case you should document your classes later directly in the source code.
The signal plotter prints samples of one or more sensors over time. If, several sensors are displayed, the values are piled in different colors. If the display is large enough a grid will be displayed to show the range of the plotted samples. By default, the automatic range mode is active so the minimum and maximum values will be set automatically. Sometimes you want fixed minimum and maximum values. In that case, you can deactivate automatic range mode and set the values in the properties dialog.
& kstars; is a graphical desktop planetarium for & kde;. It depicts an accurate simulation of the night sky, including stars, constellations, star clusters, nebulae, galaxies, all planets, the Sun, the Moon, comets and asteroids. You can see the sky as it appears from any location on Earth, on any date. The user interface is highly intuitive and flexible; the display can be panned and zoomed with the mouse, and you can easily identify objects, and track their motion across the sky. & kstars; includes many powerful features, yet the interface is clean and simple, and fun to use.
This handbook will tell you how to rip a & CD; with this program. Beside the usual explanation of the programs commands and settings, there is a special section with a full walkthrough example. At first you will learn how to set the general settings. This includes your & CD; drive (device ID), the folder for temporary files, the main destination folder, in which a subfolder named according your choice from the & CD; parameters will be created for each & CD;, the encoder to use (like lame for mp3s or oggvorbis for oggs) and among other settings whether you want to use freedb to fetch the data for your & CD; from the Internet or whether you want to enter all data manually.
Tile Selection widget This GUI element is not only for viewing your selections: it also lets you interactively select the tile(s) you want to print. Hints Click any tile to select it for printing. To select multiple tiles to be printed at once, 'shift-click 'on the tiles ('shift-click' means: hold down the [SHIFT]-key on your keyboard and click with the mouse while [SHIFT]-key is held.) Be aware that the order of your clicking dictates the order in which the different tiles are printed. Note 1: The order of your selection (and the order for printout of the tiles) is indicated by the contents of the text field below, labelled as'Tile pages (to be printed): 'Note 2: By default, no tiles are selected. Before you can print (a part of) your poster, you must select at least one tile.
The User Defined symbol list can hold your own symbols. To create your own symbols you need the program gesymb and the file definitions. tex from the kile source package. Additionaly you need a & latex; compiler (what a surprise) and dvipng; (version 1.7 or later). The procedure is so that you create a & latex; file with \\input{definitions}, which makes the commands listed below available, and let gesymb mysymbols. tex user (which calls & latex; and & dvipng;) create the icons. After copying them to $HOME/. kde/ share/ apps/ kile/ mathsymbols/ user/ and restarting kile you can use your own symbols.
The Save As... menu entry will save the file you're working on with a different name. The Save File dialog appears, and you can choose a name and location as usual. Note that after you save the file with Save As.., you will be working on the new file. If you save changes, they will be saved under the new filename. To make this a bit clearer, let's take an example: You are working on a file called hello. txt that contains the text Hello World! You use the Save As... menu entry to save the file with the new name newhello. txt. You add the text Nice to see you! to the file, and use the Save menu entry to save these changes. Now, the file newhello. txt contains the text Hello World! Nice to see you!, while the file hello. txt contains only the text Hello World!.
To edit the user creation defaults you can use the Edit defaults dialog, which is accessible via the menu Settings Configure & kuser;. There you may change the defaults that are used when creating a new user: Shell and Home Folder (or home folders volume). You can choose whether to make a home folder on create or not, and to copy a skeleton (standard configuration files) to the home folder or not. You can also enable User Private Group mechanism, which creates a new personal group with the creation of a new user, and removes the personal group when the user is removed.
Draws quasiperiodic tilings; think of the implications on modern formica technology. In April 1997, Sir Roger Penrose, a British math professor who has worked with Stephen Hawking on such topics as relativity, black holes, and whether time has a beginning, filed a copyright-infringement lawsuit against the Kimberly-Clark Corporation, which Penrose said copied a pattern he created (a pattern demonstrating that "a nonrepeating pattern could exist in nature") for its Kleenex quilted toilet paper. Penrose said he does n't like litigation but, "When it comes to the population of Great Britain being invited by a multinational to wipe their bottoms on what appears to be the work of a Knight of the Realm, then a last stand must be taken." As reported by News of the Weird #491, 4-Jul-1997. http: / /en. wikipedia. org/ wiki/ Penrose_tiling Written by Timo Korvola; 1997.
You can only execute files in the Active List Panel. To execute a file just (double-)click on it or press Enter when it is under the list cursor. & krusader; will open it in the default application for this file type (picture, text file...) or the file will be executed (script, binary...). If you want to use another application to open the file, Right-Click on the file and go to the "open with" sub-menu which will offer more options. & krusader; is compatible with & kde; default file manager for all file types except archives that are opened inside the & krusader; panel and not in an external application. See the archives page in Konfigurator for details.
QtCUPS; and KUPS were the predecessors of KDEPrint; they are now deprecated and no longer maintained. What was good in qtcups is all inherited by "kprinter", the new KDE print dialog (which is much improved over qtcups); what you liked about kups is now all in the KDEPrint Manager (accessible via the KDE Control Center or via the URL "print: / manager" from Konqueror) -- with more functionality and less bugs... Its former developer, Michael Goffioul, is now the developer of KDEPrint -- a very nice and productive guy and quick bug fixer...
Researchers estimate that 2.3 million blocks were used to build the Great Pyramid, with an average weight of about 2.5 metric tons per block. The pyramid of this level was built from fewer than 100 blocks. In the beginning, manuever to get inside the pyramid and then stand on one of the ladders on the second layer nearest the outer wall of the left side of the pyramid. Wait for the mummies to group on the other side of the outer wall. Then climb to the top of the ladders on the small pyramid and wait for the mummies to climb the tall ladder and drop off the pole. Once the last one has dropped (or slightly before), run up the tall ladder, across the pole and dig to get back inside the big pyramid and to the tomb. Repeat this trick to exit after grabbing the lone piece of treasure, only this time you need to get out on the right side of the pyramid.
The active event type is important for visualization: for & callgrind;, this is, for example, cache misses or cycle estimation; for & oprofile;, this is Timer in the simplest case. You can change the event type via a combobox in the toolbar or in the Event Type view. A first overview of the runtime characteristics should be given when you select function main in the left list; look then at the call graph view. There, you see the calls occurring in your program. Note that the call graph view only shows functions with high event count. By double-clicking a function in the graph, it will change to show the called functions around the selected one.
This is actually just a minor variation defined in IEC-62107 on the Super Video CD 1.0 format for compatibility with current products in the market. It differs from the Super Video CD 1.0 format in the following items: The system profile tag field in / SVCD/ INFO. SVD is set to 1 instead of 0. The system identification field value in / SVCD/ INFO. SVD is set to HQ-VCD instead of SUPERVCD. / EXT/ SCANDATA. DAT is mandatory instead of being optional. / SVCD/ SEARCH. DAT is optional instead of being mandatory.
There are multiple other ways to find and add interesting feeds. Within & kde;, websites browsed with & konqueror; will display the recognizable & quot; RSS lozengequot; in the bottom-right if a compatible news feed is detected at the website. Just left-click on the icon and choose Add Feed to & akregator;: Automatically finding feeds through & konqueror; Automatically finding feeds through & konqueror; On pages with this RSS icon, right-click on the icon and choose in the context menu Add Feed to & akregator;:
This opens the find dialog which is used to specify the Text to Find in the document. There is small text box for entering the search pattern which also doubles as a dropdown box. Clicking on the dropdown arrow at the side of the box makes available other recent search patterns. Other parameters are included to make the search more efficient. Selecting Case Sensitive will limit finds to entries that match the case (upper or lower) of each of the characters in the search pattern. Find Backwards directs the search to proceed in an upwardly direction. The Selected Text option keeps the search within currently selected text. Checking Whole Words Only prevents the search from stopping on words that contain the searched for pattern. The Search from Cursor option begins the search from the current position of the cursor within the document rather than from the beginning.
All exercises take place in this screen. This ensures that & kbruch; is easy to use even for young users! The main screen is separated into 5 parts: the menubar with the 3 menus File, Settings and Help the toolbar, where you can switch between the different exercises the Options on the left, where you can define the difficulty and various settings for the tasks the task part, where you have to enter the result of the given task the statistical part, where you can see how many tasks have been solved correctly or attempted At any time, you can go back to Modes using the Back icon in the toolbar.
PowerDevil configuration This module lets you configure PowerDevil. PowerDevil is a daemon (so it runs in background) that is started upon KDE startup. PowerDevil has 2 levels of configuration: a general one, that is always applied, and a profile-based one, that lets you configure a specific behavior in every situation. You can also have a look at your system capabilities in the last tab. To get you started, first configure the options in the first 2 tabs. Then switch to the fourth one, and create/ edit your profiles. Last but not least, assign your profiles in the third Tab. You do not have to restart PowerDevil, just click "Apply", and you are done.
Option to choose whether to automatically remember the setting for the maintain aspect option in the file properties for the currently loaded file. If this option is selected, KPlayer will remember the maintain aspect option in the current file's properties, then automatically reset it to the previous setting when another file is loaded. If this option is not selected, you can still make KPlayer remember the maintain aspect option by holding down the Shift key when clicking the maintain aspect toolbar button or choosing an aspect option from View menu.
Stability, scaleability and openness are qualities which have made & UNIX; the undisputed choice for the information technology professional for many years. & kde; builds on top of this excellent base framework and brings new, much needed qualities: usability, user friendliness and beauty! & kde; was the first, and stays the forefront player in bringing these qualities to & UNIX;, which constituted for years, the premier platform for server computers and scientific institutions, but was n't very attractive for desktop users.
& krunner; is a versatile mini command-line. You can use it to start applications, open web pages, access bookmarks, search through your desktop data, calculate short equations, and many more. Pressing Alt; F2 opens the & krunner; dialog. You just start typing and & krunner; will start searching matches as soon as you've entered more than two characters. You can open the settings dialog to learn about & krunner; apos; s functionality, provided by plugins. You can navigate through the matches using the tab and arrow keys.
The third case is very interesting indeed. & DCOP; is short for & kde; 's D esktop CO mmunication P rotocol and it is very powerful. Go ahead and run the kdcop program and have a look around. You'll quickly see that any & kde; application that is built to standards has things happening in & DCOP; and the well designed ones have a lot going on. With & DCOP; you can query information of all sorts as well as set widget values and more. There is a section on using & DCOP; in this manual. & kommander; can send & DCOP; to any & kde; program as well as be controlled by & DCOP;. In fact you can send & DCOP; from the command line to any & kde; program. So what's the big deal? The deal is, if you want to do any volume of commands you begin to realized that command line & DCOP; is adequate for short commands, but it can cause delays for instance being called from a loop several hundred times. This is why & kommander; has a @dcop special, because this is roughly 1000 times faster. Because & kommander; can send and receive & DCOP;, & DCOP; can be used to script & kommander;. That is why we also have a local & DCOP; special, @ldcop, that allows you to type a lot less to issue a command.
When exporting images, bear in mind that there are two things the person importing these images again will need: 1) meta information (image content, date etc.) 2) the images themselves. The images themselves can either be placed next to the. kim file, or copied into the. kim file. Copying the images into the. kim file works well for a recipient who wants all, or most of those images, for example when emailing a whole group of images. However, when you place the images on the Web, a lot of people will see them but most likely only download a few of them. It works better in this kind of case, to separate the images and the. kim file, by place them next to each other, so the user can access the images s/ he wants.
Four tricks: first, do not dig out the enemies trapped in the 4s on the left until towards the end (likewise if one gets trapped in the middle 4) - this leaves fewer enemies to deal with. Second, you will need to ride down on top of an enemy to get the trapped gold in the 4s on the left and the floating piece of gold in the center. Third, when you release the enemies on the 4s along the right (and possibly the two in the 4s on the left), you may find it easier to double dig and lose those pieces of gold. Finally, it is easiest to escape at the end if you leave until last a piece of gold in or near the floating 14 at middle right. Then you can run up the ladder that appears there.
Most & kde; applications offer keyboard shortcuts for the main actions in the application. If you find that you do n't like the default keyboard shortcuts, or that they conflict with the shortcuts of another application (maybe one that's not part of & kde;), you can change them with the Settings Configure Shortcuts... menu entry. This brings up the Configure Shortcuts dialog for the application. As an example of how to use this dialog, let's add a shortcut for the Send Link Address... action to & konqueror;, so that we can email the locations of interesting pages to friends just by hitting a key (or two):
Jabber, also known as XMPP, supports file transfer, conferencing and any other services supplied by the Jabber server. For example, many Jabber servers have a user directory, and some provide transports to other messaging systems. To access services, use Services... on the account menu. Jabber file transfer can work without port forwarding, but enjoys better performance where a direct connection is possible. By default, port 8010 is used for port forwarding, but this is configurable in each account's settings.
The flux measures the rate of flow of energy that passes through each cm^2 (or any unit area) of an object's surface each second. The detected flux depends on the distance from the source that radiates the energy. This is because the energy has to spread over a volume of space before it reaches us. Let us assume that we have an imaginary balloon that encloses a star. Each dot on the balloon represents a unit of energy emitted from the star. Initially, the dots in an area of one cm^2 are in close proximity to each other and the flux (energy emitted per square centimeter per second) is high. After a distance d, the volume and surface area of the balloon increased causing the dots to spread away from each. Consequently, the number of dots (or energy) enclosed in one cm^2 has decreased as illustrated in Figure 1.
1. Open the Cover Manager dialog using the Tagger menu (Tagger Cover Manager Show Cover Manager). The Cover Manager will display a list of all the covers & juk; knows about on the right, and after they have loaded you can quickly pare the list down using the search line at the top, or by using the list of Artists on the left. Once you see the cover you want to use, you can drag-and-drop the cover onto a track to apply it. It should happen nearly instantaneously since & juk; is reusing the same cover (and you'll see the cover while you're dragging it as well). Unfortunately, it can take awhile to load the covers in the first place, and the Cover Manager is n't really useful for much else besides.
This last mentioned feature has not been used widely inside & kde; so far, as developers are not yet fully aware of & kdeprint; 's power. Expect more of this in the near future. One example I discovered is the & kcron; application. It lets you edit the crontab through a & GUI;. The developers have implemented a printing feature that lets you (or root) choose if you want to print the whole of crontab (for all users) or just the part that is marked. You can see the effects on & kdeprint; in the following screenshots.
Hovering your mouse on the icon will display a nice popup with current track information. Clicking the middle mouse button on the icon play-pauses the current track. Scrolling the mouse wheel changes volume. Holding Shift while scrolling the mouse wheel seeks through the current track. Holding Control while scrolling the mouse wheel will skip through tracks in the playlist. Dragging and dropping items into the tray icon opens a pop up menu allowing you to choose from three options, Append to Playlist, Append and Play, and Queue after Current Track. Tray icon is also a song position indicator.
In the upper part of this control module you can see several tabs: Focus, Titlebar Actions, Window Actions, Moving and Advanced. In the Focus panel you can configure how windows gain or lose focus, & ie; become active or inactive. Using Titlebar Actions and Window Actions you can configure how titlebars and windows react to mouse clicks. Moving allows you to configure how windows move and place themselves when started. The Advanced options cover some specialized options involving moving windows between desktops and window shading.
K3b can create ISO9660 filesystems that contain symlinks if the Rock Ridge extensions are enabled (they are by default). You can change the way symlinks are handled in a K3b project. No Change Symlinks are used as they have been added to the project. Discard broken symlinks K3b will discard all symbolic links that do not point to a file inside the project. That includes all links to absolute paths like '/ home/ myhome/ testfile '. Discard all symlinks K3b will discard all symbolic links that have been added to the project; meaning that the resulting file system will have no links at all. Follow symlinks Each symbolic link in the project will be replaced with the contents of the file it is pointing to. Thus, the resulting filesystem will not contain any symbolic links. Be aware that in case Rock Ridge extensions are disabled (which is not recommended) symbolic links are always followed because ISO9660 does not support symbolic links. Caution: Symbolic links require Rock Ridge extensions.
& lt; ?xml version="1.0 "encoding="UTF-8"? gt; & lt; !DOCTYPE kcfg SYSTEM "http: / /www. kde. org/ standards/ kcfg/ 1.0/ kcfg. dtd"gt; & lt; kcfggt; & lt; kcfgfile name="korganizerrc"/ gt; & lt; group name="General"gt; & lt; entry type="Bool" key="Auto Save"gt; & lt; labelgt; Enable automatic saving of calendarlt; /labelgt; & lt; defaultgt; truelt; /defaultgt; & lt; /entrygt; & lt; entry type="Int "key="Auto Save Interval"gt; & lt; defaultgt; 10lt; /defaultgt; & lt; /entrygt; & lt; /groupgt; & lt; /kcfggt;
However, the problem was n't completely solved by the Julian calendar, because a tropical year is n't 365.25 days long; it's 365.24219 days long. You still have a calendar drift problem, it just takes many centuries to become noticeable. And so, in 1582, Pope Gregory XIII instituted the Gregorian calendar, which was largely the same as the Julian Calendar, with one more trick added for leap years: even Century years (those ending with the digits 00) are only leap years if they are divisible by 400. So, the years 1700, 1800, and 1900 were not leap years (though they would have been under the Julian Calendar), whereas the year 2000 was a leap year. This change makes the average length of a year 365.2425 days. So, there is still a tiny calendar drift, but it amounts to an error of only 3 days in 10,000 years. The Gregorian calendar is still used as a standard calendar throughout most of the world.
Mutt dotlock and Mutt dotlock privileged will both use a small utility that comes with mutt called mutt_dotlock. Mutt dotlock can be used in the same way as the Procmail lockfile option, with the same limitation with regards to the / var/ spool/ mail/ folders. However, the Mutt dotlock privileged option can create lock files in the / var/ spool/ mail folder. mutt_dotlock is a setgid program and this option will run it in setgid mode. Please note that these options will only work if mutt is installed on your system.
Print Poster (enabled or disabled). If you enable this option, you can print posters of different sizes The printout will happen in the form'tiles' printed on smaller paper sizes, which you can stitch together later. If you enable this option here, the'Poster Printing 'filter will be auto-loaded in the'Filters' tab of this dialog. This tab is only visible if the external'poster 'utility is discovered by KDEPrint on your system. ['poster' is a command line utility that enables you to convert PostScript files into tiled printouts, with overlap to allow the tiles to be joined together seamlessly.] Note: The standard version of'poster 'will not work. Your system must use a patched version of'poster'. Ask your operating system vendor to provide a patched version of'poster 'if they do not do so already. Additional hint for power users: A patched version of'poster' is available from the KDEPrint Website at http: / /printing. kde. org/ downloads/. The direct link to the patched source tarball is ftp: / /ftp. kde. org/ pub/ kde/ printing/ poster. tar. bz2
This sets the score equal to a number from 25-75, depending on how far through the song was allowed to play. For example, if the user stops or skips the song after only 25% of it has played, the score will be set to (50+25)/ 2, or 37.5. Scores are displayed as integers, however, so this number is rounded to the nearest integer before being displayed. The score is kept internally as a floating point number however, since after a song has been played several times, it may be impossible to alter the score by more than a point with a single play (see below). When defining a score for a track which has been played before, the calculation is a bit more complicated. In the source, it is score = ((values[2]. toDouble() * values. first(). toInt()) + percentage) / (values. first(). toInt() + 1);
& CUPS; -O-Matic was the first "Third Party" plugin for the & CUPS; printing software. It is available on the Linuxprinting. org website to provide an online PPD-generating service. Together with the companion cupsomatic Perl-Script, that needs to be installed as an additional & CUPS; backend, it redirects output from the native pstops filter into a chain of suitable Ghostscript filters. Upon completion, it passes the resulting data back to a & CUPS; "backend" for sending to the printer. In this way, & CUPS; -O-Matic enables support for any printer known to have worked previously in a "classical" Ghostscript environment. If no native & CUPS; support for that printer is in sight... & CUPS; -O-Matic is now replaced by the more capable PPD-O-Matic.
All styles in a syntax definition use one of the default styles. A few syntax definitions use more styles that there are defaults, so if you use a format often, it may be worth launching the configuration dialog to see if some concepts are using the same style. For example there is only one default style for strings, but as the Perl programming language operates with two types of strings, you can enhance the highlighting by configuring those to be slightly different. All available default styles will be explained later.
& kde; or the K Desktop Environment, is a network transparent, easy to use contemporary desktop environment available for & UNIX; and compatible systems. Together with a free implementation of & UNIX; such as & GNU; /Linux;, & UNIX; /kde; constitutes a completely free and open computing platform available to anyone free of charge. Source code is available for everyone to look at, learn from, modify and improve. Whilst there is always room for improvement, & kde; today delivers a viable feature packed alternative to the more commonly found commercial operating system/ desktop combinations available.
Select bright objects On this page, you can limit your observing list to only those objects brighter than a given magnitude. Be careful with this selection, because KStars does not have a magnitude for every object in its database. You need to indicate whether you want to include objects with an undefined magnitude. If you do not wish to exclude faint objects with this selection, simply leave the checkbox below unchecked. This is the final page of the Observing List Wizard. You can go back and modify previous pages with the Back button. When you are satisfied, press the Finish button to exit the wizard, and the Observing List tool will be populated with the objects you have specified here.
Bitrate is of course the main influence on quality. The higher the bitrate, the higher the quality. But for a given bitrate, we have a choice of algorithms to determine the best scalefactors and huffman encoding (noise shaping). The quality increases from 0 to 9 while the encoding speed drops. 9 uses the slowest & best possible version of all algorithms. 7 is the recommended setting while 4 still produced reasonable quality at good speed. 0 disables almost all algorithms including psy-model resulting in poor quality. This setting has no influence on the size of the resulting file.
There were problems running kpsewhich. As a result, some font files could not be located, and your document might be unreadable. Possible reason: The kpsewhich program is perhaps not installed on your system, or it cannot be found in the current search path. What you can do: The kpsewhich program is normally contained in distributions of the TeX typesetting system. If TeX is not installed on your system, you could install the TeX Live distribution (www. tug. org/ texlive). If you are sure that TeX is installed, please try to use the kpsewhich program from the command line to check if it really works.
After starting the practice & parley; asks you to enter a translation. Let's assume that you are not too sure about it. Just click once on Show More and the first letter of the word appears in the entry box. Click again and the second letter shows up. If you prefer to see the word completely, click on the Show Solution button. If you want to check your answer click on Verify. To ignore words or to mark them as known without entering them, click on the Skip (Do Not Know) or Skip (I know It) buttons respectively. In the progress box you can see the number of words you have answered correctly and the seconds remaining for your answer. You can configure this option on the Advanced page in the Configure Practice settings.
Choose one search mode. For the first modes, the search pattern is build from the editable template, where '%s' is replaced by the given pattern. There are additional fixed predefined modes for environments, graphics, labels, references and input files. If the pattern is empty, Kile will search for all commands of this mode. If a pattern is given, it will be inserted as a parameter. For example, in environment mode with pattern'center ', Kile will search for '\\begin{center}', and in graphics mode with pattern '. *\\. png', Kile will search for all png files.
When you click Add... or Modify... the Add transport or Modify transport dialogs will open respectively. For sending via sendmail or similar programs you can specify a name and the location of the sendmail program. For SMTP you can specify Name, Host, and Port of the server. Server requires authentication will enable the Login and Password fields and the Authentication method buttons on the Security tab. If you are not sure about the security settings you can make & kmail; test for the best settings by using Check What the Server Supports.
At the beginning of the 20th century, scientists Lord Rayleigh, and Max Planck (among others) studied the blackbody radiation using such a device. After much work, Planck was able to empirically describe the intensity of light emitted by a blackbody as a function of wavelength. Furthermore, he was able to describe how this spectrum would change as the temperature changed. Planck's work on blackbody radiation is one of the areas of physics that led to the foundation of the wonderful science of Quantum Mechanics, but that is unfortunately beyond the scope of this article.
No hide This option is based on the option of the same name provided in IRIX NFS. Normally, if a server exports two filesystems one of which is mounted on the other, then the client will have to mount both filesystems explicitly to get access to them. If it just mounts the parent, it will see an empty directory at the place where the other filesystem is mounted. That filesystem is "hidden". Setting the nohide option on a filesystem causes it not to be hidden, and an appropriately authorized client will be able to move from the parent to that filesystem without noticing the change. However, some NFS clients do not cope well with this situation as, for instance, it is then possible for two files in the one apparent filesystem to have the same inode number. The nohide option is currently only effective on single host exports. It does not work reliably with netgroup, subnet, or wildcard exports. This option can be very useful in some situations, but it should be used with due care, and only after confirming that the client system copes with the situation effectively.
If a & kde; developer needs printing access for his application, he does not code the printing functions from scratch. Before & kde; 2.2 this service was provided by the QPrinter class, a library function of the & Qt; Toolkit. The QPrinter class relied on the out-moded Line Printer Daemon (LPD). The & kdeprint; library bases itself firmly on the more modern Common & UNIX; Printing System (CUPS;), while at the same time keeping backward compatibility with LPD and other legacy, or less elaborate, print systems. It also leaves the door open for any new development that might occur.
& kicker; can add many types of items as well as application launch icons. You can find these items using the same menu as before, but this time selecting Add Applet to Panel... or Add New Panel. The items in the Add Applet window are small programs that can reside on the panel. An example of an applet is the Desktop Preview & Pager Pager, which shows a small image of each of your virtual desktops. (For more information about virtual desktops, see). You can switch to a different virtual desktop by clicking on its image in the desktop pager.
Holding the & LMB; down and dragging the mouse over the screen with a mouse-unaware application running will mark a region of the text. While dragging, the marked text is displayed reversed for visual feedback. Select Copy from the Edit menu to copy the marked text to the clipboard for further use within & konsole; or another application. The selected text can also be dragged and dropped into compatible applications. Click on the selected text and drag it to the desired location. Depending on your & kde; settings, you may need to hold the & Ctrl; key while dragging.
& turtlescript;, the programming language used in & kturtle;, is inspired by the & logo; family of programming languages. The first version of & logo; was created by Seymour Papert of MIT Artificial Intelligence Laboratory in 1967 as an offshoot of the LISP programming language. From then many versions of & logo; have been released. By 1980 & logo; was gaining momentum, with versions for MSX, Commodore, Atari, Apple II and IBM PC systems. These versions were mainly for educational purposes. The MIT is still maintains a website on & logo; containing a list of several popular implementation of the language.
& kommander; was originally designed around a simple concept that has proven somewhat revolutionary among visual design tools. Typically these tools allow you to create dialogs and possibly mainwindow interfaces. Of course a mainwindow interface is the main program window which typically has menus, toolbars, statusbar and the application area. Dialogs are child windows which typically do n't have menus and are so named because their purpose is to have a dialog or exchange information between you and the main application. The elements on a dialog are called widgets and you hook your program into these widgets. & kommander; is different because it is inherently nonprogrammatic here. It uses the concept of associating text with the widgets on the dialog. Initially this was called Associated Text but now it is called kommander; Text. Widgets on & kommander; dialogs can include the content of other widgets by reference and a widget can reference its own content by use of a Special that looks like this, @widgetText. Specials are commands with special meaning in & kommander;. So if you created a dialog with two LineEditwidgets and named the first FirstName and the second LastName you could create a button and set its & kommander; Text to My name is @FirstName @LastName. You would need to set @widgetText in the first and last name widgets. Remember? We need to tell & kommander; to reference the text in them. You could run this from a Konsole and it would output the string for you. So it would reference the first name like so: @FirstName - > get the widget named FirstName(@FirstName) - > @widgetText - > get the contents of the LineEdit widget. So in this case @FirstName returns Eric: @FirstName - > @widgetText - > Eric.
This brings up the Advanced Search Dialog, allowing you to create a virtual playlist. Any songs in your Collection List that match the search criteria that you specify in the Advanced Search Dialog will be added to the new playlist. As your Collection List changes, the new playlist will as well. For example, if you create a playlist of all of your Depeche Mode songs, and then add another Depeche Mode song to your Collection List, it will show up in the Depeche Mode playlist with no special action required on your part.
So-called Shell Expansion can be used to provide more dynamic default values. With shell expansion the value of a configuration key can be constructed from the value of an environment variable or from the output of a shell command. To enable shell expansion for a configuration entry, the key must be followed by [$e]. Normally the expanded form is written into the user's configuration file after first use. To prevent that, it is recommend to lock the configuration entry down by using [$ie]. The user ca n't change it then of course.
Enabling Allow automatic delayed reloading/ redirecting allows websites to send you to another page without your interaction. In many cases, this is a convenience. For example, the website has moved to a new URL. Many webmasters in this situation will put up a page on the old site, telling you that it has moved and you may like to change your bookmark, and then automatically move you along to the new website. However, such features can be confusing, or annoying, when misused, and so you may wish to disable it.
However, this page accounting does not work for any raw printer queues (as those, by definition, do n't use any filtering on the & CUPS; host and are by-passing pstops.) Every job going through a raw queue is counted as a 1-page-job (with possibly multiple copies). This is especially true for all Jobs sent from & Microsoft; & Windows; clients via Samba to the & CUPS; server, as those jobs are already arriving in the correct format for the printer, because the clients use the original printer driver.
A common error you may encounter when committing is Up-to-date check failed. This indicates that someone has committed changes to the repository since you last updated; or, more technically, that your BASE revision is not the newest on its branch. In such a case, & CVS; refuses to merge your modifications into the repository. The solution is to update, resolve any conflicts and commit again. Of course, if you are working on a software project, it is normally good style to check if the program still works after you have updated - after all, there could be bad interactions between your modifications and the other modifications which break the code.
Krusader uses several programs as external tools, and sometimes they appear not to work. Open a terminal and check if tool foo is installed. $foo Check if tool foo is properly configured in the Konfigurator Dependencies page. For Archiving tools: autodetect the archives again with the Auto Configure button in the Konfigurator archive page. Check the Konfigurator Protocol page If it does n't work, backup your ~/. kde/ share/ config/ krusaderrc configuration file and remove it from this location. Restart Krusader, Krusader will now start the first start configuration wizard, follow these guidelines.
################################################################ # # Disclaimer/ License # This Template is (c) by Mario Weilguni & lt; mweilguni@kde. orggt; # It is licensed under the same terms as the kppp package, # which it is part of # ################################################################ # # This is a sample rule set for kppp. You can use it as a # template when you have to create your own ruleset. If you do # so, remove all comments and add your own. This will allow # other users to check your ruleset more easily. # # Please sign the tarif file with your name and email address # so that I can contact you if necessary. # # NOTE: the rules in this rule set do not make much sense and # are only for demonstration purposes # # NOTE ON FILENAMES: # when you create your own ruleset, use "_" in filename # instead of spaces and use ". rst as extension # i. e." Austria city calls "# -- > file should be saved as" Austria_city_calls. rst "# # Thanks, Bernd Wuebben # wuebben@math. cornell. edu / wuebben@kde. org ################################################################ ################################################################ # # NAME OF THE RULESET. This is NEEDED for accounting purposes. # ################################################################ name=default ################################################################ # currency settings ################################################################ # defines ATS (Austrian Schilling) to be used as currency # symbol (not absolutely needed, default =" $") currency_symbol=ATS # Define the position of the currency symbol. # (not absolutely needed, default is" right ") currency_position=right # Define the number of significant digits. # (not absolutely needed, default is" 2 "currency_digits=2 ################################################################ # connection settings ################################################################ # NOTE: rules are applied from top to bottom - the # LAST matching rule is the one used for the # cost computations. # This is charged whenever you connect. If you do n't have to # pay per-connection, use" 0 "here or comment it out. per_connection=0.0 # minimum costs per per connection. If the costs of a phone # call are less than this value, this value is used instead minimum_costs=0.0 # You pay .74 for the first 180 seconds (3 minutes) no matter # whether you are connected for 1 second or 180 seconds. # This rule will take priority during the first 180 seconds # over any other rule, in particular the'default 'rule. # have a look at costgraphs. gif in the docs directory # of the kppp distribution for a graphic illustration. flat_init_costs=(0.74,180) # This is the default rule which is used when no other rule # applies. The first component" 0.1 "is the price of one #" unit ", while" 72 "is the duration in seconds. # Therefore the following rule means:" Every 72 seconds 0.1 # ATS are added to the bill "default=(0.1, 72) # # more complicated rules: # #" on monday until sunday from 12:00 am until 11:59 pm the costs # are 0.2 each 72 seconds "on () between () use (0.2, 2) # same as above on (monday.. sunday) between () use (0.2, 2) # same as above. You must use 24 hour notation, or the accounting # will not work correctly. (Example: write 15:00 for 3 pm) on (monday.. sunday) between (0:00..23:59) use (0.2, 2) # applies on friday, saturday, sunday and monday 8am until 1pm on (friday.. monday) between (8:00..13:00) use(0.3,72) # ATTENTION: on(monday.. friday) between (21:00..5:00) use (0.4,2) # does NOT include saturday 0:00-5:00, just monday.. friday, as it says. # applies on a given date (christmas) on (12/ 25) between () use (0.3,72) # a range of dates and one weekday on (12/ 25..12/ 27, 12/ 31, 07/ 04, monday) between () use (0.4, 72) # use this for easter on (easter) between () use (0.3,72) # easter + 50 days (Pfingstmontag/ Pentecost Monday) on (easter+50) between () use (0.3,72) on (thursday) between (20:00..21:52) use (8.2, 1) # The" on() "rules above all relates to current time only. You can also # make a rule depend on the number of seconds you have been connected # by specifying this time as a third argument to" use() ". # For instance, let's say normal rate in the evening is 0.20 per minute, # and it drops by 20% after one hour of connect time. This can be modelled # like: on () between (19:30..08:00) use (0.20, 60) on () between (19:30..08:00) use (0.16, 60, 3600) # Note that these rules, just like other rules, are sensitive to the # order in which they appear.
A controller is a device which allows you to graphically modify a property of a body or a spring. In the tutorial, the controller allows you to change the stiffness of the spring "spring1". By moving the slider to the right or using the W key you can increase spring1 stiffness value and by moving the slider to the left or using the Q key you can decrease it. Right-clicking on the controller brings you several context actions and the Configure Controller... dialog allows you to change each property of the controller.
Already years ago, when Linux printing was still really difficult (only command line printing was known to most Linux users, no device specific print options were available for doing the jobs), Grant Taylor, author of the "Linux Printing HOWTO", collected most of the available information about printers, drivers and filters in his database. With the emerging & CUPS; concept, extending the use of PPDs even to non-PostScript printers, he realized the potential of this database: if one puts the different datablobs (with content that could be described along the lines "Which device prints with which Ghostscript or other filter?", "How well?", and "What command line switches are available?") into PPD-compatible files, he could have all the power of & CUPS; on top of the traditional printer "drivers". This has now developed into a broader concept, known as "Foomatic". Foomatic extends the capabilities of spoolers other than & CUPS; (LPR/ LPD, LPRng, PDQ, PPR) to a certain degree ("stealing" some concepts from & CUPS;). The Linuxprinting Database is not a Linux-only stop -- people running other & UNIX; based OSes (like *BSD or & MacOS; X) will also find valuable information and software there.
When a network connection is build you are asked to enter a remote host and a port. The port can usually just be left untouched, but if you know what you are doing replace it by another number, which has to be the same in both player games of course. The hostname should be the name of the remote host to which you are connecting. Only the client in the connection has to supply a hostname. It is often wise that the player behind a firewall chooses to be client as the firewall might not allow incoming connections.
& kde; defines new technologies in & DCOP; and KParts, created to offer a component document model and technology. Together with the complete & kde; libraries programming interface, & DCOP; /KParts are set in direct competition with other similar technologies like & Microsoft; MFC / COM / ActiveX technologies. The excellent quality and the high level of refinement of & kde; 's application programming interface (API) enables developers to focus on original and interesting issues and avoid reinventing the wheel.
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/ or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version. This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details. You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA
The copy, move, pack and unpack operations can be queued. After selecting copy or move, hit F2 to use it. After selecting pack or unpack, hit F2 to use it. Or the direct shortcuts: copy by queue Shift; F5, move by queue Shift; F6. Queueing is used for one-by-one copying. E. g. if you have a pen drive (which is slow), and you want to copy 40 files onto it, it's much better copying them one-by-one instead of starting to copy 40 files in parallel. That's why enqueuing is important. If you pack/ unpack 40 files parallelly, you overload your computer, but adding them to a queue, is much more useful.
CD-Text If this option is checked K3b uses some otherwise unused space on the Audio CD to store additional information, such as the artist's name or the CD title. CD-Text is an extension to the audio CD standard introduced by Sony. CD-Text will only be usable on CD players that support this extension (mostly car CD players) and software like K3b, of course. Since a CD-Text-enhanced Audio CD will work in any Hifi CD or DVD player even if the player does not support CD-Text explicitly, enabling it is never a bad idea (just remember to fill in the CD-Text information).
Sometimes, if original text is changed, its translation becomes deprecated and is either marked as needingnbsp; review (i. e. looses approval status), or (only in case of XLIFF file) moved to the alternatenbsp; translations section accompanying the unit. This toolview also shows the difference between new original string and the old one, so that you can easily see which changes should be applied to existing translation. Double-click any word in this toolview to insert it into translation. Drop translation file onto this toolview to use it as a source for alternate translations.
It is difficult to understand stars using just the apparent magnitudes. Imagine two stars in the sky with the same apparent magnitude, so they appear to be equally bright. You cannot know just by looking if the two have the same intrinsic brightness; it is possible that one star is intrinsically brighter, but further away. If we knew the distances to the stars (see the parallax article), we could account for their distances and assign Absolute magnitudes which would reflect their true, intrinsic brightness. The absolute magnitude is defined as the apparent magnitude the star would have if observed from a distance of 10 parsecs (1 parsec is 3.26 light-years, or 3.1 x 10^18 cm). The absolute magnitude (M) can be determined from the apparent magnitude (m) and the distance in parsecs (d) using the formula:
Message Disposition Notification Policy MDNs are a generalization of what is commonly called read receipt. The message author requests a disposition notification to be sent and the receiver's mail program generates a reply from which the author can learn what happened to his message. Common disposition types include displayed (i. e. read), deleted and dispatched (e. g. forwarded). The following options are available to control KMail's sending of MDNs: Ignore: Ignores any request for disposition notifications. No MDN will ever be sent automatically (recommended). Ask: Answers requests only after asking the user for permission. This way, you can send MDNs for selected messages while denying or ignoring them for others. Deny: Always sends a denied notification. This is only slightly better than always sending MDNs. The author will still know that the messages has been acted upon, he just cannot tell whether it was deleted or read etc. Always send: Always sends the requested disposition notification. That means that the author of the message gets to know when the message was acted upon and, in addition, what happened to it (displayed, deleted, etc.). This option is strongly discouraged, but since it makes much sense e. g. for customer relationship management, it has been made available.
Moving the mouse over an image shows buttons to rotate the image as well as a button to enter Fullscreen Mode. Clicking on an image takes you into View Mode. The sidebar on the right does not appear by default, but its appearance can be toggled using F11 View or using the Show/ Hide Sidebar button. Note that the option will appear as either Show Sidebar or Hide Sidebar, depending on whether the sidebar is currently shown. The slider at the bottom right allows you to change the size of the image thumbnails. You can also filter the images by filename using the box on the lower left. The toolbar (left) appears in both Browse mode as well as View mode and contains the most commonly used actions.
After waiting for the login request, the user sends his ID and waits for a list of available phone numbers for that username. Then he tells the server which of the numbers offered he would like to be called back on. & kppp; can open a dialog for this, if your location changes often, & eg; you are a sales representative and move from hotel to hotel. Now the server is expecting login and password for authentication, but in the meantime, the server hangs up and calls the user back. The authentication information is sent, and & kppp; waits for a command prompt, and then starts a small script (here called start_ppp which fires up pppd on the server.
If you want to save the image to a different name (or path) without changing the path with setURL, you can use save, providing the & URL; to save to as an argument. So if you want to save the snapshot to file: / // tmp/ tempshot. png, you can do the following: $dcop ksnapshot-23151 interface save file: / // tmp/ tempshot. png Note that this will return true if the snapshot was successfully saved, and false otherwise. Also, you should be aware that if the file already exists, the user will get a standard & kde; dialog that requires the user to decide whether to overwrite or not.
Like a lot of other client programs, & kppp; checks to see if the connection is closed by the server, and then stops the current session if a NO CARRIER is detected. This, then, is the real problem when setting up callback. NO CARRIER will of course be detected the moment the callback server hangs up the line. Some servers therefore use a special login program. So how do you solve this problem? You tell your modem to show CARRIER UP at all times (which causes no problems if you tell the client to hang up the line.) You can do this with the following modem command:
There are four toolbars: the Main, Look and Language toolbars which are the one on top with the buttons and combo boxes and the Special Characters toolbar which, when it is shown, is on the bottom. This toolbar has buttons with the special characters for each language: accented letters and other special characters. This allows users to easily play in another language without having to configure a new keyboard layout. You click on a special letter and it is displayed as the letter to try. Pressing & Enter; will make the program see if the letter is present in the word or not. The toolbar can be hidden if you do n't want it. This is saved in the configuration file so if the toolbar is hidden, it will be hidden next time you run & khangman;.
Image Orientation: Orientation of the printed page image on your paper is controlled by the radio buttons. By default, the orientation is Portrait. You can select from 4 alternatives: Portrait. Portrait is the default setting. Landscape. Reverse Landscape. Reverse Landscape prints the images upside down. Reverse Portrait. Reverse Portrait prints the image upside down. The icon changes according to your selection. Additional hint for power users: This KDEPrint GUI element corresponds to the CUPS command line job option parameter: -o orientation-requested=... # examples: "landscape" or "reverse-portrait"
Expect ogin: # remember, we do ordinary terminal login ID "" # kppp sends the id you configured in the main dialog Expect for userxyz: # a list of available numbers is shown, the user should choose one Send userxyz-home # the user wants to be called back on their home number Expect ogin: # The callback process is now running, a new connection, and so a new login. ID Expect assword: # Now send your password Expect & gt; # Wait for the command prompt (the prompt may vary) Send start_ppp # this command starts the pppd
Job Priority Usually CUPS prints all jobs per queue according to the "FIFO" principle: First In, First Out. The job priority option allows you to re-order the queue according to your needs. It works in both directions: you can increase as well as decrease priorities. (Usually you can only control your own jobs.) Since the default job priority is "50", any job sent with, for example, "49" will be printed only after all those others have finished. Conversely, a "51" or higher priority job will go right to the top of a populated queue (if no other, higher prioritized one is present.) Additional hint for power users: This KDEPrint GUI element corresponds to the CUPS command line job option parameter: -o job-priority=... # example: "10" or "66" or "99"
The Eye of Horus is an ancient Egyptian symbol of protection and royal power from deities. On this level, there is some protection inside the eye, but not much. Repeated trips from the top to the bottom are required to get all the treasure. Eventually, there will be two mummies on the bottom left. To get by them, climb to the top of the short ladder four from the left, dig left, climb down and dig left again. One of the mummies will fall in the lower pit. Climb up the ladder. The second mummy will climb the other ladder and fall in the top pit. Move across the two trapped mummies and climb to the top.
Welcome to Akregator %1 Akregator is a feed reader for the K Desktop Environment. Feed readers provide a convenient way to browse different kinds of content, including news, blogs, and other content from online sites. Instead of checking all your favorite web sites manually for updates, Akregator collects the content for you. For more information about using Akregator, check the Akregator website. If you do not want to see this page anymore, click here. We hope that you will enjoy Akregator. Thank you, nbsp; & nbsp; The Akregator Team
During startup KDE needs to perform a check of its system configuration (mimetypes, installed applications, etc.), and in case the configuration has changed since the last time, the system configuration cache (KSyCoCa) needs to be updated. This option delays the check, which avoid scanning all directories containing files describing the system during KDE startup, thus making KDE startup faster. However, in the rare case the system configuration has changed since the last time, and the change is needed before this delayed check takes place, this option may lead to various problems (missing applications in the K Menu, reports from applications about missing required mimetypes, etc.). Changes of system configuration mostly happen by (un)installing applications. It is therefore recommended to turn this option temporarily off while (un)installing applications.
& kwrite; is more than a text editor for the & kde; Desktop. It is meant to be a programmer's editor, and could be considered as at least a partial alternative to more powerful editors. It may be best used in conjunction with & konqueror; or & dolphin; for source file browsing for different languages. & kwrite; also works very well as a simple text editor. One of & kwrite; 's main features is the colorized syntax, customized for many different programming languages such as: C/ C++, & Java;, Python, Perl, Bash, Modula 2, & HTML;, and Ada.
Tiles can slide, but you can connect only in 2 lines instead of 3 This option changes the rules to the point where it almost becomes a completely different game. When it is active, you can only remove the tiles if they can be connected by a line consisting of only two segments instead of the customary three. However, you are allowed to slide the tiles on the board, if the row or column where they are placed has some empty space. To make a sliding move, you have to click on the tile containing the column or row that can slide, and then on the matching tile. If there are two possible sliding moves, you will have to click on one of the two connecting lines to choose your preferred move.
When the MapExpressionToVolumeEvents option is set in the map file, and a midi file try to send an expression event, & kmid; will send a volume event which is understood by more non-GM keyboards, and which has a similar effect. There are many midi files which use expression events to fade out at the end of a song, so if you feel that music should be heard softer and softer, you can turn on this option and see if this is what you need, because your midi synthesizer could be ignoring the expression events because it does n't understand them.
Here you select the protocol you will be using to access your project. If your project is on the same machine that you are using Quanta Plus on, then leave the value at Local. The list of protocols shown here is dependent of your system setup. Available protocols include SSH, FTP, NFS, SMB, WebDAV, and others. The protocol list is powered by & kde; 's powerful KIOSlave architecture. This framework allows every & kde; application to easily access remote information as if it is local to the machine.
The list of defined FOV symbols is displayed on the left. On the right are buttons for adding a new symbol, editing the highlighted symbol's properties, and removing the highlighted symbol from the list. Note that you can even modify or remove the four predefined symbols (if you remove all symbols, the four defaults will be restored the next time you start & kstars;). Below these three buttons is a graphical preview display showing the highlighted symbol from the list. When the New... or Edit... button is pressed, the New FOV Symbol window is opened:
To obtain more information about a certain revision, you can click on it either in the list or the tree view. The fields in the middle of the dialog are then filled with the complete information provided by cvs log. You can mark two revisions, called & quot; Aquot; and & quot; Bquot;, which are relevant if you make use of further features provided by the buttons. Revision & quot; Aquot; can be chosen with the left mouse button, revision & quot; Bquot; with the middle one. In the list view, you can also navigate with with your cursor keys. In order to mark revisions & quot; Aquot; and & quot; Bquot;, use the shortcuts Ctrl; A, Ctrl; B, respectively. Using the CVS Output view, you can click on the Select for revision A and Select for revision B to mark the revisions.
A program consists instructions that are executed when the program is run and so called comments. Comments are not executed, & kturtle; simply ignores them when executing your program. Comment are there for other programmers to make them understand your program better. Everything that follows on a # symbol is considered a comment in & turtlescript;. For example this little program that does nothing: # this little program does nothing, it is only a comment! It is a bit useless but it explain the matter well.
Using the Sort Criteria page of this dialog box lets you Sort Rows or Sort Columns. If you check the First row contains headers box data in the first row will not be included in the sort operation. You can choose which column or which row of the data is to be used as a primary sort key and, if you wish, other columns or rows to be used as secondary and tertiary keys. Using the example in the above screenshot, choosing column B as the first key and column C as the second would sort the data by country and, for each country, by height.
\\documentclass[a4paper,10pt]{article} \\usepackage{amssymb} \\input{definitions}% \\begin{document} \\pagestyle{empty}% \\begin{neededpkgs}{amssymb} \\mathcommand{\\surd} \\pkgs{amsmath}\\mathcommand[\\ddddot{}]{\\ddddot{a}} \\mathcommand{\\angle} \\end{neededpkgs} \\command{\\"A} \\mathcommand{\\exists} \\mathcommand[\\stackrel{}{}]{\\stackrel{abc}{=}} %\\begin{neededpkgs}[russian, koi8-r, T2C, ]{babel, inputenc, fontenc, mathtext}%% \\end{neededpkgs}% this would need to include the packages% \\usepackage{mathtext}% \\usepackage[T2C]{fontenc}% \\usepackage[russian]{babel}% \\usepackage[koi8-r]{inputenc}% just to explain the format \\end{document}
& lt; !DOCTYPE KrusaderUserActions > & lt; KrusaderUserActions > & lt; action name="amarok enqueue "> & lt; title > Enqueue in Amaroklt; /title > & lt; tooltip > Append selected item(s) to Amarok playlistlt; /tooltip > & lt; icon > amaroklt; /icon > & lt; category > Multimedialt; /category > & lt; description same_as="tooltip" / > & lt; command > amarok --append %aList(quot; Selectedquot; )%lt; /command > & lt; defaultshortcut > Win+Alt; /defaultshortcut > & lt; /action > & lt; /KrusaderUserActions >
Polar coordinates represent a point by its distance from the origin (usually called r), and the angle a line from the origin to the point makes with the x-axis (usually represented by & thgr; the Greek letter theta). To enter functions in polar coordinates, click the Create button and select Polar Plot from the list. In the definition box, complete the function definition, including the name of the theta variable you want to use, & eg;, to draw the Archimedes' spiral r = & thgr;, enter: r(thgr;) = & thgr;. Note that you can use any name for the theta variable, so r(t) = t or f(x) = x will produce exactly the same output.
Page Set: Choose "All Pages", "Even Pages" or "Odd Pages" if you want to print a page selection matching one of these terms. The default is "All Pages". Note: If you combine a selection of a "Page Range" with a "Page Set" of "Odd" or "Even", you will only get the odd or even pages from the originally selected page range. This is useful if you want to print a page range in duplex on a simplex-only printer. In this case you can feed the paper to the printer twice; in the first pass, select "Odd" or "Even" (depending on your printer model), in second pass select the other option. You may need to "Reverse" the output in one of the passes (depending on your printer model). Additional hint for power users: This KDEPrint GUI element corresponds to the CUPS command line job option parameter: -o page-set=... # example: "odd" or "even"
Usage: %1setkey< nick\_BAR_channel > < key > sets the encryption key for nick or channel. %1setkey< key > when in a channel or query tab sets the key for it. The key field recognizes "cbc:" and "ecb:" prefixes to set the block cipher mode of operation to either Cipher-Block Chaining or Electronic Codebook. The mode it defaults to when no prefix is given can be changed in the configuration dialog under Behavior - > Connection - > Encryption - > Default Encryption Type, with the default for that setting being Electronic Codebook (ECB).
Comma-separated list of tags that define this DTEP. The format used is tagname(attribute[defaultvalue]). If the parent (a real) DTEP has a tag with tagname and the attribute value of this tag is equal with the name of this DTEP, the tag area is parsed according to the rules of this DTEP. If [defaultvalue] is present, it means that if the attribute is not present in the tag it is taken as present with value = defaultvalue. Example: Tags=style(type[text/ css]) means that both lt; stylegt; and lt; stylenbsp; type="text/ css"gt; are treated the same way and the DTEP defined by this tag is named text/ css.
... that K3b has two types of settings. On the one hand K3b has settings like most KDE applications have accessible through the configuration dialog via the settings menu; on the other hand every K3b action dialog has three buttons to load and save defaults for that action. This way one may, for example, set the defaults for CD Copy: these defaults will then be loaded every time the CD Copy dialog is opened. The button K3b defaults will restore the factory settings in case you do not know if the settings you chose are appropriate.
These expressions may be used: d the day as number without a leading zero (1-31) dd the day as number with a leading zero (01-31) ddd the abbreviated localized day name (e. g. 'Mon'.. 'Sun ') dddd the long localized day name (e. g. 'Monday'.. 'Sunday') M the month as number without a leading zero (1-12) MM the month as number with a leading zero (01-12) MMM the abbreviated localized month name (e. g. 'Jan'.. 'Dec ') MMMM the long localized month name (e. g. 'January'.. 'December') yy the year as two digit number (00-99) yyyy the year as four digit number (1752-8000) h the hour without a leading zero (0..23 or 1..12 if AM/ PM display) hh the hour with a leading zero (00..23 or 01..12 if AM/ PM display) m the minute without a leading zero (0..59) mm the minute with a leading zero (00..59) s the second without a leading zero (0..59) ss the second with a leading zero (00..59) AP use AM/ PM display AP use am/ pm display
If this option is selected, the & Tab; key either indents the current line or advances to the next tab position. If the insertion point is at or before the first non-space character in the line, or if there is a selection, the current line is indented by the number of character positions specified in Indentation width. If the insertion point is located after the first non-space character in the line and there is no selection, white space is inserted so that the next tab position is reached: if the option Insert spaces instead of tabulators on the General tab in the Editing page is enabled, spaces are inserted; otherwise, a single tabulator is inserted.
Set orientation tag to normal after rotate/ flip: the Auto Rotate option automatically corrects the orientation of images taken with digital cameras that have an orientation sensor. The camera adds an orientation tag to the image's EXIF meta-data. & digikam; can read this tag to adjust the image accordingly. If you manually rotate an image, this meta-data will be incorrect. This option will set the orientation tag to "Normal" after an adjustment, assuming that you rotated it to the correct orientation. Switch this off if you do n't want & digikam; to make changes to the orientation tag, when you rotate or flip the image.
In the Catalogs tab, you determine which object catalogs are displayed in the map. The Stars section also allows you to set the faint magnitude limit for stars, and the magnitude limit for displaying the names and/ or magnitudes of stars. Below the stars section, the Deep-Sky Objects section controls the display of several non-stellar object catalogs. By default, the list includes the Messier, NGC and IC catalogs. You can add your own custom object catalogs by pressing the Add Custom Catalog button. For detailed instructions on preparing a catalog data file, see the README. customize file that ships with & kstars;.
Generic term for different variants of the traditional & UNIX; printing method. Its first version appeared in the early 70s on BSD & UNIX; and was formally described in RFC 1179 only as late as 1990. At the time when BSD "remote" printing was first designed, printers were serially or otherwise directly connected devices to a host (with the Internet hardly consisting of more than 100 nodes!); printers used hole-punched, continuous paper, fed through by a tractor mechanism, with simple rows of ASCII text mechanically hammered on to the medium, drawn from a cardboard box beneath the table. It came out like a zig-zag folded paper "snake". Remote printing consisted of a neighboring host in the next room sending a file asking for printout. How technology has changed! Printers generally use cut-sheet media, they have built-in intelligence to compute the raster images of pages after pages that are sent to them using one of the powerful page description languages (PDL). Many are network nodes in their own right, with CPU, RAM, a hard disk and their own Operation System, and are hooked to a net with potentially millions of users... It is a vast proof of the flexible & UNIX; concept for doing things, that it made "Line Printing" reliably work even under these modern conditions. But time has finally come now to go for something new -- the IPP.
JPEG: The Joint Photographic Experts Group file format is a good web file format but it uses lossy compression. PNG: the Portable Network Graphics format is an extensible file format for the lossless, portable, well-compressed storage of raster images. PNG provides a patent-free replacement for GIF and can also replace many common uses of TIFF. PNG is designed to work well in online viewing applications, such as the World Wide Web, so it is fully streamable with a progressive display option. Also, PNG can store gamma and chromaticity data for improved color-matching on heterogeneous platforms.
When you're told google knows or google is your friend then chances are, you have not followed the above advice. You've not done your research, and the solution is probably one the helper knows very well to be easy to find. When you're linked to a FAQ or a usermanual please do n't ever say, No, I do n't want to have to read this I want you to just tell me. This is very bad manners. If you cannot put in the effort to read the document, what is the incentive for your helper to put in the time and effort to help you? If you're told to go use google, take it graciously and do so.
WARNING Peer-to-peer networks, particularly those accessible via KMLDonkey, may contain material which you may be legally prohibited from downloading or redistributing. It is your responsibility to verify that any material you download from any peer-to-peer network is being made available to you lawfully. It is also your responsibility to verify that you have the legal right to redistribute any material which you make available to others via any peer-to-peer networks. In short, it is your responsibility to use this software in accordance with applicable laws where you live, including copyright law. RESTRICTIONS The authors of this software intend it to be used for the lawful exchange of data, art, software and other documents or works which may be lawfully distributed to third parties. The authors will not support, and strongly discourage, any use of this software to violate copyright or other intellectual property laws. In particular, the authors discourage any transmission of any material in violation of any applicable intellectual property law or regulation. Each user is assumed to comply with such rules and restrictions as well as the rules and restrictions applicable to the P2P networks or services connected directly or indirectly to this software. DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY The authors of this software do not and cannot exercise any control whatsoever over the content of the information exchanged using this software. The authors make no warranties of any kind, whether expressed or implied, for the service this software is providing or for the data exchanged with the assistance of this software. The authors cannot be held responsible for any claims resulting from the user's conduct and/ or use of the software which is in any manner unlawful or which damages such user or any other party.
As mentioned before, mp3 and ogg both are audio formats with which you will lose sound information in the end. You cannot revert back to the original once you have the mp3/ ogg files. You can create wav files of these and even burn them back onto a & CD; to play them on a & CD; -Player (while DVD-players usually can play both, wav and mp3, mostly not ogg) but the wav files generated from a mp3 or ogg will not be as good as the original. In reality, depending on your HiFi system and the compression rate you chose when creating the mp3s/ oggs, you might not even hear a difference. However, if you do not want to lose any sound information but still want to compress your wave files, you should take a look into flac, shorten or monkey. But these encoders will not compress much better than the factor of 2. x.
Imhotep designed the Step Pyramid of Djoser to serve as a gigantic stairway by which the soul of the deceased pharaoh could ascend to the heavens. Such was the importance of Imhotep's achievement that he was deified by later Egyptians. Before you can ascend to the top of this pyramid level, you must make your way to the bottom. To get the top piece of treasure, move left off the apex, dig the next block and step onto the mummy below, continuing to move right (try placing your mouse pointer on the apex). After getting the last piece of treasure, exit to the right and run up and down the ladders. The lower left is the only difficult part: just run under the mummies on the ladder above you and maneuver... and hope!
Enabling Allow automatic delayed reloading/ redirecting allows websites to send you to another page without your interaction. In many cases, this is a convenience. For example, the website has moved to a new & URL;. Many webmasters in this situation will put up a page on the old site, telling you that it has moved and you may like to change your bookmark, and then automatically move you along to the new website. However, such features can be confusing, or annoying, when misused, and so you may wish to disable it.
KPlato is intended for managing moderately large projects with multiple resources. To enable you to model your project adequately, KPlato offers different types of task dependencies and timing constraints. Usually you will define your tasks, estimate the effort needed to perform each task, allocate resources and then schedule the project according to the dependency network and resource availability. You can find more information in the documentation or online at http: / /www. koffice. org/ kplato
Once you have written down all the things you need to say, consider the time available to do it in. Ten minutes seems ages when you start, but it is very difficult to actually get much across in so short a time. Get your sheet of paper and a clock with a second hand. Practise your presentation over and over again. This has many benefits. Firstly, you get the timing right. If someone says you have ten minutes, never go over the allowed time. Secondly, when you actually do it in front of a live audience, it will not be the first time you have done that presentation. Third, you get the words right in your own head. You will find ways of saying things about the subject. If you've heard yourself do this presentation several times, you will know what you are going to say next and how you are going to say it.
bool importTellico(QString file, QString action) bool importBibtex(QString file, QString action) bool importMODS(QString file, QString action) bool importRIS(QString file, QString action) bool exportXML(QString file) bool exportZip(QString file) bool exportBibtex(QString file) bool exportHTML(QString file) bool exportCSV(QString file) bool exportPilotDB(QString file) QListlt; intgt; selectedEntries() QListlt; intgt; filteredEntries() void openFile(QString file) void setFilter(QString text) bool showEntry(int id)
This works on a Debian system, so it will work on Debian and derivatives (Kubuntu & etc;), though it should work on other Linuxes as well. We assume that you have SSH installed, configured and working on every machine on LAN you want to connect to/ from. There are plenty of very good tutorials about SSH on the net, & eg; at linuxhomenetworking. com or just google for it. We use the default SSH port (22) for this chapter. Remember to change it if you use different one. All modifications, editing & etc; must be done as root.
Building your collection is an essential step in using all of & amarok; 's features. From the Collection Browser, click the Configure Folders button located in the toolbar. Next you will choose which folders you would like to be in your collection from the Configure Collection dialog. Also from here you have the option to Scan folders recursively, Watch folders for changes, and Import playlists that are found in the collection folders. After selecting your folders, and checking any relevant check boxes, click the OK button. After the initial scan, your collection is built and you can move on to making a playlist.
Unable to construct a requested GUI element. This is most likely because the GUI specification data file (kmldonkeyui. rc) has been installed in the wrong location, or has not been installed at all. If you installed KMLDonkey from a binary package, please report this to the packager at once. If you installed from source, check that you configured KMLDonkey to use the same install prefix as your KDE installation (see the README file accompanying the KMLDonkey source for details), and that your system does not keep KDE files in non-standard locations (Mandriva Linux systems, in particular, are known to do this).
The Earth is round, and it is always half-illuminated by the Sun. However, because the Earth is spinning, the half that is illuminated is always changing. We experience this as the passing of days wherever we are on the Earth's surface. At any given instant, there are places on the Earth passing from the dark half into the illuminated half (which is seen as dawn on the surface). At the same instant, on the opposite side of the Earth, points are passing from the illuminated half into darkness (which is seen as dusk at those locations). So, at any given time, different places on Earth are experiencing different parts of the day. Thus, Solar time is defined locally, so that the clock time at any location describes the part of the day consistently.
The server does not seem to support pipelining; therefore, this option has been disabled. Since some servers do not correctly announce their capabilities you still have the possibility to turn pipelining on. But please note that this feature can cause some POP servers that do not support pipelining to send corrupt messages. So before using this feature with important mail you should first test it by sending yourself a larger number of test messages which you all download in one go from the POP server.
If we are going to track the Moon, we will need to point the display at it first. The lookToward function is used to do this. Highlight this function in the Function Browser, and note the documentation displayed in the panel below the Browser. Press the Add Function button to add this function to the Current Script box. The Function Arguments panel will now contain a combobox labeled dir, short for direction. This is the direction in which the display should be pointed. The combobox contains only the cardinal compass points, not the Moon or any other objects. You can either enter Moon in the box manually, or press the Object button to use the Find Object window to select the Moon from the list of named objects. Note that, as usual, centering on an object automatically engages object-tracking mode, so there is no need to add the setTracking function after lookToward.
Advanced users benefit greatly from being able to carry out clerical tasks effortlessly, without distraction from the real task at hand. Convenient shortcut keys enable the user to navigate directory trees with ease, create multiple tabbed directory views simultaneously, and access fully functional history lists. Due to efficient programming and low system overhead, & krusader; is perhaps the most responsive all around system management tool used to access the full potential of a computer using & kde;, or any other standards compliant X Windows window manager. Although designed specifically for, and tightly integrated with, & kde;; & krusader; works equally well with Gnome, Enlightenment, WindowMaker, IceWM, BlackBox, Wiamea, XFCE, & etc; as soon as the KDE libraries are installed.
Tura was Egypt's primary quarry for limestone, and was used on the Great Pyramid of Khufu. The mining of this limestone left behind caverns that were later used by the British Army as a secret depot during World War II, and which you can now explore. To the left of the bottom of the long shaft, there are two hidden pits. Free the mummy to the right of the long shaft to fill one of them and free the mummy in the large chamber to fill the other. Be sure to ride the first of the two mummies down to get the piece of treasure in the nook near the bottom of the shaft. When leaving this nook, dig to your right several times to open up your escape route. Get all the treasure on the left of the board, then move to the right. Make sure to dig free the mummy at the top so that you can get its treasure later. You will also need its help to escape back to the left at the end of the level. The treasure on the right is easier to get than it looks: strategically placed false bricks make this the easy half of the level. Note: If you feel like some variety, you can do all of the right first and then the left.
& lt; ?xml version="1.0 "encoding=quot; UTF-8quot; ?gt; & lt; !DOCTYPE greeter SYSTEM & quot; greeter. dtdquot; gt; & lt; greetergt; & lt; item type=quot; rectquot; background=quot; truequot; gt; & lt; normal file="background_for_login. svg" element="background"/ gt; & lt; pos x=quot; 0quot; y=quot; 0quot; width=quot; 100%quot; height=quot; 100%quot; /gt; & lt; /itemgt; & lt; item type=quot; rectquot; gt; & lt; normal file="background_for_greeter. svg"/ gt; & lt; pos x=quot; 0quot; y=quot; 0quot; width=quot; 100%quot; height=quot; 100%quot; /gt; & lt; /itemgt; [...] & lt; /greetergt;
& kdesu; uses a daemon, called kdesud. The daemon listens to a & UNIX; socket in / tmp for commands. The mode of the socket is 0600 so that only your user id can connect to it. If password keeping is enabled, & kdesu; executes commands through this daemon. It writes the command and root's password to the socket and the daemon executes the command using su, as describe before. After this, the command and the password are not thrown away. Instead, they are kept for a specified amount of time. This is the timeout value from in the control module. If another request for the same command is coming within this time period, the client does not have to supply the password. To keep hackers who broke into your account from stealing passwords from the daemon (for example, by attaching a debugger), the daemon is installed set-group-id nogroup. This should prevent all normal users (including you) from getting passwords from the kdesud process. Also, the daemon sets the DISPLAY environment variable to the value it had when it was started. The only thing a hacker can do is execute an application on your display.
Planet positions are only accurate for dates within 4000 years or so of the current epoch. The planet positions are predicted using a Fourier-like analysis of their orbits, as observed over the past few centuries. We learnt in school that planets follow simple elliptical orbits around the Sun, but this is not strictly true. It would be true only if there was only one planet in the Solar system, and if the Sun and the planet were both point masses. As it is, the planets are constantly tugging on each other, perturbing the orbits slightly, and tidal effects also induce precessional wobbling. In fact, recent analysis suggests that the planets' orbits may not even be stable in the long term (i. e., millions or billions of years). As a rule of thumb, you can expect the position of a planet to be accurate to a few arcseconds between the dates -2000 and 6000.
At the top is a drop down box to enable you to choose which toolbar you want to modify. In the picture the Format toolbar is selected. If I want to add the Spelling icon to that toolbar, I click the entry in the left window. The arrow pointing right becomes available, if I click the arrow the Spelling entry is added to the selected toolbar. The left arrow is available when you click in the right side window. It allows you to remove an icon from a toolbar. The up and down arrows become active when an item on the right side is selected. You can also move the highlight in the right side window up and down with the keyboard arrow keys. By clicking on the arrows with the mouse you can change the order of the entries in the menu.
By Moving Around we mean the transfer of the keyboard and mouse focus between the different parts of the & krusader; main window. The focus can be in one of five places: the Left or Right Panel, the Menu Bar, the Command Line or the Terminal Emulator. The panel that has the focus is called the Active Panel. An Active Panel will remain active until the other panel receives the focus (ie;: if the Left Panel was active and you clicked on the Command Line - then the Left Panel remains the Active Panel). You must deliberately change which panel is active.
& korganizer; has three toolbars: a Main toolbar (with New Event, New To-do, Print, Undo, Redo, Cut, Copy, Paste, Find, Go Backward, Go Forward and Goto Today buttons), a Views toolbar (for selecting between Whats Next view, List view, Day view, Work Week view, Week view, Next X Day view, Month view, To-do List view and Journal view buttons), a Schedule toolbar (with Publish Item Information, Send Invitations to Attendees, Send Status Update and Open Address Book buttons) and a Filters toolbar, which allows you to choose a filter for the & korganizer; views. You can customize these toolbars in various ways: you can add new icons, change the icon size, change toolbar position and add text description to the icons.
& lt; !DOCTYPE KrusaderUserActions > & lt; KrusaderUserActions > & lt; action name="clipboard current "> & lt; title > Copy to Clipboardlt; /title > & lt; tooltip > Copy to clipboardlt; /tooltip > & lt; icon > klipperlt; /icon > & lt; category > Systemlt; /category > & lt; description > Copy current path and filename to clipboardlt; /description > & lt; command > %_Clipboard(quot; %aCurrent%quot; )%lt; /command > & lt; defaultshortcut > Win+Clt; /defaultshortcut > & lt; /action > & lt; /KrusaderUserActions >
This will execute a program, but will not modify the message. Specify the full path to the program you want to execute; & kmail; will then block until the program returns. If you do not want & kmail; to block then append'amp; 'to the command. You can feed the program with the parts of the mail: percnt; 0, percnt; 1, & etc; stand for files representing the message parts; for common messages percnt; 0 is the text, percnt; 1 the first attachment and so on. Additionally, the whole message is fed into the program's stdin; and every occurrence of percnt; {foo} is replaced by the content of the foo header.
Crocodiles can live to be over 100 years of age, with the largest species reaching 4.85 meters in length. Various species have been observed attacking and killing sharks. Sobek was the deification of crocodiles. Egyptians who worked or travelled on the Nile hoped that if they prayed to Sobek, the crocodile god, he would protect them from being attacked by crocodiles. In this level, it is not the crocodile you need to fear. Still, a prayer to Sobek might help you escape the mummies while you gather the treasure.
& ca; s must in turn be signed by other & ca; s to be valid. Of course, this must end somewhere, so the top-level & ca; (root-ca;) signs its key with itself (this is called a self-signature). Root certificates thus need to be assigned validity (commonly called trust) manually, & eg; after comparing the fingerprint with the one on the website of the & ca;. This is typically done by the system administrator or the vendor of a product using certificates, but can be done by the user via & gpgsm; 's command line interface.
Suppose that you are preparing a document in & kword; and want to illustrate some point using a table. While & kword; provides its own functionality for the insertion of tables, this may not be enough for your needs. For example, you may want to use certain currency data formats or to do calculations using spreadsheet formulae. Now, some & kword; programmer certainly could try to implement this functionality. However, & kword; would never be as good as & kspread; in this field; and if it tried to implement all the functionality you might possibly need, it would end up becoming unreasonably complex and the source code would become impossible to maintain.
Using toolbars is quite simple. When you click on an icon for a desired element or action, one of three possibilities occur: the element is inserted (optionally with a closing element); an element dialog is activated, allowing you to fill in the attributes in a dialog box; or, lastly, an action is activated and does something nifty for your current file or project. If you find yourself doing tedious and redundant typing for a particular element, that is not in & quantaplus;, then you can add it. See for more information.
For this reason during a merge if a normal preprocessor-command is being used & kdiff3; will tell you so and ask you if it should be disabled or not. But it wo n't warn you if a Line-Matching-Preprocessor-command is active. The merge will not complete until all conflicts are solved. If you disabled "Show White Space" then the differences that were removed with the Line-Matching-Preprocessor-command will also be invisible. If the Save-button remains disabled during a merge (because of remaining conflicts), make sure to enable "Show White Space". If you do n't want to merge these less important differences manually you can select "Choose [A_BAR_B_BAR_C] For All Unsolved White space Conflicts" in the Merge-menu.
The argument {key} is used to reference and link the commands \\bibitem and \\cite to each other and the information they contain. The command \\cite contains the label associated with the intended \\bibitem, which is located inside a thebibliography environment, and contains the reference data. Both corresponding \\bibitem and \\cite must have the same {key}; the easiest way to organize keys is by the author's last name. The secondary braces in the thebibliography environment denote the longest bibliography label you expect to have. So, inserting {foo} means you can have any label shorter or as large as the expression foo. Failure to set this parameter correctly may result in a not so attractive indentation of your bibliography.
Of course, & PostScript; can be much more complicated than this simplistic example. It is a fully fledged programming language with many different operators and functions. You may even write & PostScript; programs to compute the value of Pi, format a hard disk or write to a file. The main value and strength of & PostScript; however lies in the field to describe the layout of graphical objects on a page: it also can scale, mirror, translate, transform, rotate and distort everything you can imagine on a piece of paper -- such as letters in different font representations, figures, shapes, shades, colors, lines, dots, raster...
You can choose any size of cube (or brick) up to 6x6x6, but only one side can have dimension 1 (otherwise the puzzle becomes trivial). The easiest puzzle is 2x2x1 and 3x3x1 is a good warmup for the original Rubik's Cube, which is 3x3x3. Simple puzzles have 2 to 5 shuffling moves, a difficult 3x3x3 puzzle has 10 to 20 --- or you can choose zero shuffling then shuffle the cube yourself, maybe for a friend to solve. The other options determine whether you can watch the shuffling and/ or your own moves and how fast the animation goes. The bevel option affects the appearance of the small cubes. Try setting it to 30 and you'll see what we mean.
A regular expression is a way to specify conditions to be fulfilled for a situation in mind. Normally when you search in a text editor you specify the text to search for literally, using a regular expression, on the other hand, you tell what a given match would look like. Examples of this include I'm searching for the word & kde;, but only at the beginning of the line, or I'm searching for the word the, but it must stand on its own, or I'm searching for files starting with the word test, followed by a number of digits, for example test12, test107 and test007
List of all Callers This list shows all functions calling the current selected one, either directly or with several functions in-between on the stack; the number of functions in-between plus one is called the Distance (e. g. for function A, B, C there exists a call from A to C when A calls B and B calls C, i. e. A = > B = > C. The distance here is 2). Absolute cost shown is the cost spent in the selected function while a listed function is active; relative cost is the percentage of all cost spent in the selected function while the listed one is active. The cost graphic shows logarithmic percentage with a different color for each distance. As there can be many calls from the same function, the distance column sometimes shows the range of distances for all calls happening; then, in parentheses, there is the medium distance, i. e. the distance where most of the call costs happened. Selecting a function makes it the current selected one of this information panel. If there are two panels (Split mode), the function of the other panel is changed instead.
After comparing the directories & kdiff3; also evaluates a proposal for a merge operation. This is shown in the "Operation" column. You can modify the operation by clicking on the operation you want to change. A small menu will popup and allows you to select an operation for that item. (You can also select the most needed operations via keyboard. Ctrl+1/ 2/ 3/ 4/ Del will select A/ B/ C/ Merge/ Delete respectively if available.) This operation will be executed during the merge. It depends on the item and on the merge-mode you are in, what operations are available. The merge-mode is one of
\t\t The display can be zoomed in or out by spinning your mouse's scroll wheel, \t\t\tor by dragging the mouse up or down with the middle mouse button pressed. You \t\t\tcan also use the +/ - keys, or the "Zoom In"/" Zoom Out "items in the toolbar and \t\t\tin the View menu. The Zoom Level can be set manually using the" Zoom to Angular \t\t\tSize "item in the View menu (Shift+Ctrl+Z), and you can set it graphically by \t\t\tholding down the Ctrl button while dragging the mouse to define a rectangle for \t\t\tthe new window boundaries. \t\t \t
The Khufu ship is an intact full-size vessel from Ancient Egypt that was sealed into a pit in the Giza pyramid complex at the foot of the Great Pyramid of Giza around 2,500 BC. The ship was almost certainly built for Khufu (King Cheops). It is one of the oldest, largest, and best-preserved vessels from antiquity, and measures 43.6 m overall. Despite its age, it could sail today if put into water. This is almost a simple level: good treasure and not too many mummies. But your task is to wrest the treasure they carry.
Print Job Billing and Accounting Insert a meaningful string here to associate the current print job with a certain account. This string will appear in the CUPS "page_log" to help with the print accounting in your organization. (Leave it empty if you do not need it.) It is useful for people who print on behalf of different "customers", like print service bureaux, letter shops, press and prepress companies, or secretaries who serve different bosses, etc. Additional hint for power users: This KDEPrint GUI element corresponds to the CUPS command line job option parameter: -o job-billing=... # example: "Marketing_Department" or "Joe_Doe"
& quantaplus; is able to load plugins, which are KParts. The KPart framework is another very powerfull framework of & kde;. A KPart is a relatively small, reusable container of functionality. It allows & kde; developers to easily build on the work of other programmers. One example of this is & quantaplus; itself. The editor & quantaplus; uses is the & kate; KPart. The & kate; KPart already had a bunch of functionality that & quantaplus; needed, like syntax highlighting. Integrating it into & quantaplus; allowed the & quantaplus; developers to focus on what & quantaplus; should be able to do, rather than facing the many problems that developing a new editor KPart/ component from scratch would bring.
To exactly measure the time passed or record the events happening during the execution of a code region (eg; a function), additional measurement code needs to be inserted before and after the given region. This code reads the time, or a global event count, and calculates differences. Thus, the original code has to be changed before execution. This is called instrumentation. Instrumentation can be done by the programmer itself, the compiler, or by the runtime system. As interesting regions usually are nested, the overhead of measurement always influences the measurement itself. Thus, instrumentation should be done selectively and results have to be interpreted with care. Of course, this makes performance analysis by exact measurement a very complex process.
What is Instant Messaging (im;)? & im; is a way for you to communicate instantly with your friends over the Internet. That might not sound so different to email. Have you ever noticed how cumbersome it is to have a brief conversation via email? You have to click Reply to each message, then find the right spot in the message to type something new, then send it. Then you have to wait for the next message to arrive! & im; lets you to have a conversation almost as naturally as on the phone or face to face, by typing messages into a window shared between you and your friend's screens.
Locations on Earth can be specified using a spherical coordinate system. The geographic (earth-mapping) coordinate system is aligned with the spin axis of the Earth. It defines two angles measured from the center of the Earth. One angle, called the Latitude, measures the angle between any point and the Equator. The other angle, called the Longitude, measures the angle along the Equator from an arbitrary point on the Earth (Greenwich, England is the accepted zero-longitude point in most modern societies).
If you are using a key for the first time, there are conflicting Encryption Preferences, or if Always show the encryption keys for approval is selected in the Security section of & kmail; 's configuration dialog the Encryption Key Approval dialog will appear; here, you can select different keys for the recipients and can set the Encryption Preference for each recipient. The default option, Encrypt whenever encryption is possible, will automatically encrypt your message if there is a trusted key for each recipient.
The Source field should be used to identify the original owner or copyright holder of the photograph. The value of this field should never be changed after the information is entered following the image's creation. While not yet enforced by the custom panels, you should consider this to be a "write-once" field. The source could be an individual, an agency, or a member of an agency. To aid in later searches, it is suggested to separate any slashes "/" with a blank space. Use the form "photographer / agency" rather than "photographer/ agency." Source may also be different from Creator and from the names listed in the Copyright Notice. With IPTC, this field is limited to 32 ASCII characters.
The script interface provides a simple way to extend the functionality of & amarok;. To run an & amarok; script, start the Script Manager by selecting Tools Script Manager in the & amarok; Menubar. In the Script Manager dialog you will find a listview of your installed scripts, select a script from the listview and click the Run button to launch the script. The & amarok; script will run until it has finished, or is manually stopped by selecting the script in the Script Manager and clicking the Stop button.
You may have noticed that according to the status of the file, its row has a different color. The colors are chosen to somehow reflect the priority of the status. For example, a file with a conflict is marked red to show you that you have to resolve a conflict before you can continue working with the file. If your folder contains a high number of files, you may nevertheless lose the overview. To get more concise information about which files have an unusual status, simply click on the header of the Status column. The file list is then sorted by priority, so you have all important information at the top of the list. To get back to the alphabetically sorted view, click on the header of the File name column.
The main window has three distinct areas, all of which show information about the collection in a different manner. The primary view is the Column View in the upper right area, where the value of every field for each entry may be shown. On the left side, tabs hold the Group View, which can be used to sort the entries into groups in a tree-structure, the Filter View, which is used to track which entries meet certain criteria, and the Loan View, where any loans are listed. Finally, the Entry View shows a formatted view of the data for a single entry, or an icon view of a group of entries, in the lower right.
Because of the 23.5-degree tilt of the Ecliptic, the Altitude of the Sun at noon changes over the course of the year, as it follows the path of the Ecliptic across the sky. This causes the seasons. In the Summer, the Sun is high in the sky at noon, and it remains above the Horizon for more than twelve hours. Whereas, in the winter, the Sun is low in the sky at noon, and remains above the Horizon for less than twelve hours. In addition, sunlight is received at the Earth's surface at a more direct angle in the Summer, which means that a given area at the surface receives more energy per second in the Summer than in Winter. The differences in day duration and in energy received per unit area lead to the differences in temperature we experience in Summer and Winter.
The lifetime of a star depends very much on its mass. More massive stars are hotter and shine much more brightly, causing them to consume their nuclear fuel much more rapidly. The largest stars (roughly 100 times as massive as the Sun), will run out of fuel in only a few million years; while the smallest stars (roughly ten percent the mass of the Sun), with their much more frugal consumption rate, will shine on (albeit dimly) for trillions of years. Note that this is much longer than the Universe has yet been in existence.
The third use for the teleporter device does n't actually teleport the hero at all. This somewhat uncommon operating mode teleports all robots in cells adjacent to the hero. No one knows exactly where the robots are teleported to, but it seems to be sufficiently far away that they bother the hero again. Because the robots disappear into thin air without leaving a junkheap, this mode is nicknamed the vaporizer and enemies dispatched through vaporisation are considered as killed for scoring purposes.
This area contains a CIE or chromaticity diagram. A CIE diagram is a representation of all the colors that a person with normal vision can see. This is represented by the colored sail-shaped area. In addition you will see a triangle that is superimposed on the diagram outlined in white. This triangle represents the outer boundaries of the color space of the device that is characterized by the inspected profile. This is called the device gamut. In addition there are black dots and yellow lines on the diagram. Each black dot represents one of the measurement points that were used to create this profile. The yellow line represents the amount that each point is corrected by the profile, and the direction of this correction.
Finally to the left of the editor area you will find a number of pre-built regular expressions. They serve two purposes: (1) When you load the editor with a regular expression then this regular expression is made nicer or more comprehensive by replacing common regular expressions. In the screen dump above, you can see how the ascii syntax ". *" have been replaced with a box saying "anything". (2) When you insert regular expression you may find building blocks for your own regular expression from the set of pre build regular expressions. See the section on user defined regular expressions to learn how to save your own regular expressions.
Translation files are opened in separate tab, with two big multi-line edits as well as a bunch of toolviews. These views can be stacked (similar to tabs), shown separately, or hidden. Translation files consist of many English-target pairs called units. A unit typically correspond to a single string in the user interface, or one paragraph in the documentation. The purpose of the first multi-line edit is to display the original part of the pair. The purpose of the second multi-line edit is to display the translation. You can navigate through the units via the Translation Units view or by using Page Down and Page Up.
Joystick This module helps to check if your joystick is working correctly. If it delivers wrong values for the axes, you can try to solve this with the calibration. This module tries to find all available joystick devices by checking / dev/ js[0-4] and / dev/ input/ js[0-4] If you have another device file, enter it in the combobox. The Buttons list shows the state of the buttons on your joystick, the Axes list shows the current value for all axes. NOTE: the current Linux device driver (Kernel 2.4, 2.6) can only autodetect 2-axis, 4-button joystick 3-axis, 4-button joystick 4-axis, 4-button joystick Saitek Cyborg'digital 'joysticks (For details you can check your Linux source/ Documentation/ input/ joystick. txt)
Using diff from the command line can be confusing, learning the diff command syntax and deciphering the output can bewilder most people. This is where & kompare; comes into play. Providing a graphical front-end to the diff program, the interface displays source and destination files side-by-side with all differences automatically highlighted. From this starting point, changes in one file can be sequentially applied to the other file on a selective and controlled basis. Not all changes need to be applied and if you do apply a change it can always be & apos; unappliedapos;. When all required changes have been applied they can be saved and will display as normal in the original application used to create the file.
With the upcoming of the DVD-V media, a new VCD standard had to be published in order to be able to keep up with technology, so the Super Video CD specification was called into life 1999. In the midst of 2000 a full subset of this Super Video CD specification was published as IEC-62107. As the most notable change over Video CD 2.0 is a switch from MPEG-1 CBR to MPEG-2 VBR encoding for the video stream was performed. The following new features--building upon the Video CD 2.0 specification--are: Use of MPEG-2 encoding instead of MPEG-1 for the video stream. Allowed VBR encoding of MPEG-1 audio stream. Higher resolutions (see below) for video stream resolution. Up to 4 overlay graphics and text ("OGT") sub-channels for user switchable subtitle displaying in addition to the already existing closed caption facility. Command lists for controlling the SVCD virtual machine. For the Super Video CD, only the following two resolutions are supported for motion video and (low resolution) still pictures:480 x 480 @ 29.97 Hz (NTSC 2/ 3 D-2).480 x 576 @ 25 Hz (PAL 2/ 3 D-2).
& kjumpingcube; is a simple tactical game. You can play it against the computer or a friend. The playing area consists of squares containing points. When the game starts each square has only one point, and no owner. Players move by clicking on either a vacant square or one of their own squares, thus increasing the square s point value by one. When a square s value reaches a maximum, the excess points are distributed around the neighboring squares, taking over ownership of them. The winner is the player who ends up owning all the squares.
Some rules allow the optional attribute dynamic of type boolean that defaults to false. If dynamic is true, a rule can use placeholders representing the text matched by a regular expression rule that switched to the current context in its string or char attributes. In a string, the placeholder %N (where N is a number) will be replaced with the corresponding capture N from the calling regular expression. In a char the placeholder must be a number N and it will be replaced with the first character of the corresponding capture N from the calling regular expression. Whenever a rule allows this attribute it will contain a (dynamic).
In the end, an initiative to define a new common industry and IETF standard took shape. The Printer Working Group or PWG, a loose aggregation of vendors in hardware, software, and operating systems, drafted the new Internet Printing Protocol, & IPP;. & IPP; v1.1 has now been approved by the IETF (Internet Engineering Task Force) as a proposed standard, and now enjoys the unanimous support throughout the industry in Europe, USA and Japan. Most current network printer models have now built in & IPP; support on top of traditional LPR / LPD or JetDirect Printing.
Note that we have checked the disconnected IMAP type account. This has the effect that a copy of the groupware data is stored locally to the client (under the home folder), and it is synchronized every time the client connects. This seems very inefficient, since your data is duplicated many times (ie; if you have 10 users that use & kontact;, you have 10+1 times the data), but it is the only way to make things run fast, because at every connection & kontact; has to fetch all data and have & korganizer; and & kaddressbook; interpret it. If you use disconnected IMAP data is cached locally, and only the delta (ie; the data that has changed) is sent.
This item should be of type rect. It represents the hot area of the greeter: it contains the label and entry items which concern the authentication process. If a given conversation plugin cannot match the existing items with its needs, it tries to embed a complex widget with an own layout into this item, thus completely overriding the theme's talker. Strictily speaking, & kdm; themes do not need to provide own talker designs at all, as all & kdm; authentication plugins are able make use of the talker item.
An editing session is automatically ended when you commit the affected file. At that moment, an unedit notification gets sent out to all people who have registered a respective watch on the file. Of course, sometimes you may not want to commit the file, but abort the editing session and revert to the previous version of the file. This is done by using Advanced Unedit Files. Note that & cervisia; will not ask you for confirmation; that means if you use this menu item, all your work done since you used Advanced Edit Files will be lost. Precisely, & cervisia; uses the command line
The Altitude of an object depends on both where you are on Earth, and on the Date. By default, the Tool adopts the Location and Date from the current & kstars; settings. You can change these parameters in the Date & Location Tab. To change the Location, you can press the Choose City... button to open the Set Geographic Location Window, or enter Longitude and Latitude values manually in the input fields, and press the Update button. To change the Date, use the Date picker widget, then press Update. Note that any curves you had already plotted will be automatically updated when you change the Date and/ or Location.
The image "%1" may have more colors than the current screen mode can support. In order to display it, some color information may be removed. If you save this image, any color loss will become permanent. To avoid this issue, increase your screen depth to at least %2bpp and then restart KolourPaint. It also contains translucency which is not fully supported. The translucency data will be approximated with a 1-bit transparency mask. If you save this image, this loss of translucency will become permanent.
In this mode ksysguardd is started at connecting time by ksysguard. To make that possible, its location needs to be included in your PATH. Unfortunately the ssh does not source your. profile file, so your regular PATH setting will not be available. Instead it uses a default PATH like / bin: / usr/ bin. Since it is very likely that & kde; is not installed in these folders you need to create or update a file in your home folder. The file is called environment and needs to be in a hidden folder called. ssh. See the manual page for ssh for more details. The file needs to contain a line similar to:
At first glance, & kspread; 's Cut, Copy and Paste appear to be similar to these functions in other & kde; applications. Having selected a cell or cells, you can choose Copy or Cut from the Edit menu or from the drop down menu you get by holding the right mouse button down on a selected cell. You can also use the shortcuts Ctrl; C or Ctrl; X, then move the selection to the target cell and choose Paste or press & Ctrl; V. However there are some subtleties associated with these functions in & kspread; and these are discussed below.
& step; is an interactive physical simulator. It allows you to explore the physical world through simulations. It works like this: you place some bodies on the scene, add some forces such as gravity or springs, then click Simulate and & step; shows you how your scene will evolve according to the laws of physics. You can change every property of the bodies/ forces in your experiment (even during simulation) and see how this will change evolution of the experiment. With & step; you cannot only learn but feel how physics works!
If this option is checked K3b will hide the first track. The audio CD standard uses pregaps before every track on the CD. By default these last for 2 seconds and are silent. In DAO mode it is possible to have longer pregaps that contain some audio. In this case the first pregap will contain the complete first track. You will need to seek back from the beginning of the CD to listen to the first track. Try it, it is quite amusing. This feature is only available in DAO mode when writing with cdrdao.
When off, the insertion cursor cannot be moved left of the line start, but it can be moved off the line end, which can be very handy for programmers. When this option is chosen, moving the cursor with the arrow keys off the end of a line (to the right) causes it to jump down to the beginning of the next line. Likewise when the cursor is moved past the beginning of a line (to the left) it jumps up to the end of the preceding line. When this option is not selected, moving the cursor right past the end of a line merely causes it to continue horizontally in the same line and trying to move it left past the beginning does nothing.
kurt@transmeta: ~ > apropos cups cups-calibrate (8)- ESP Printer Calibration Tool lpstat (1) - print cups status information cups-lpd (8) - receive print jobs + report printer status to lpd clients classes. conf (5) - class configuration file for cups backend (1) - cups backend transmission interfaces filter (1) - cups file conversion filter interfaces cups-polld (8) - cups printer polling daemon mime. types (5) - mime type description file for cups cupsd (8) - common unix printing system daemon lpadmin (8) - configure cups printers and classes cupsd. conf (5) - server configuration file for cups mime. convs (5) - mime type conversion file for cups printers. conf (5) - printer configuration file for cups mime. convs (5) - mime type conversion file for cups cups-polld (8) - cups printer polling daemon lpstat (1) - print cups status information backend (1) - cups backend transmission interfaces mime. types (5) - mime type description file for cups cupsd (8) - common unix printing system daemon lpadmin (8) - configure cups printers and classes printers. conf (5) - printer configuration file for cups cupsd. conf (5) - server configuration file for cups filter (1) - cups file conversion filter interfaces
Abbreviation for I nternet P rinting P rotocol; defined in a series of RFCs accepted by the IETF with status "proposed standard"; was designed by the PWG. -- IPP is a completely new design for network printing, but it utilizes a very well-known and proven method for the actual data transfer: HTTP 1.1! By not "re-inventing the wheel", and basing itself on an existing and robust Internet standard, IPP is able to relatively easily bolt other HTTP-compatible standard mechanisms into its framework: * Basic, Digest or Certificate authentication mechanisms; * SSL or TLS for encryption of transferred data; * LDAP for directory services (to publish data on printers, device-options, drivers, costs or also to the network; or to check for passwords while performing authentication).
Regular Expression Editor What you are currently looking at is an editor for Regular Expressions. The upper part in the middle is the editing area, the lower part is a verification window where you can try your regular expressions right away. The row of buttons is the editing actions. This is actually very similar to common drawing programs. Select an editing tool to start editing your regular expression, and press the mouse button in the editing area where you want this item inserted. For a more detailed description of this editor see the info pages What is a regular expression? If you do not know what a regular expression is, then it might be a good idea to read the introduction to regular expressions.
Select objects observable on a date: On this page, you can limit your observing list to only those objects which can be observed on a particular date (and from a particular location on Earth). To filter your list in this way, check the checkbox below, and then select the desired date. If you leave this box unchecked, then your list will include objects regardless of when they are observable (this is the default). You may also change the geographic location used to determine whether objects are observable. When you are finished, press Next to continue.
You can trace a function's values more precisely by clicking onto or next to a graph. The selected function is shown in the status bar in the right column. The crosshair then will be caught and be colored in the same color as the graph. If the graph has the same color as the background color, the crosshair will have the inverted color of the background. When moving the mouse or pressing the keys Left or Right the crosshair will follow the function and you see the current x- and y-value. If the crosshair is close to y-axis, the root-value is shown in the statusbar. You can switch function with the Up and Down keys. A second click anywhere in the window or pressing any non-navigating key will leave this trace mode.
Click on the tools icon above the group list and select the Scan For Duplicate Fonts... tool, a simple tool that will scan your system looking for fonts that have multiple files associated with them. For example, if you have times. ttf and times. TTF installed in / usr/ local/ share/ fonts the underlying font mechanism (called FontConfig) will only see one of these. So, if you un-installed the font, it would re-appear, as only one of the files would have been removed. Running this tool will produce a dialog listing each font that has multiple files, and the corresponding list of files. To select a file for deletion, click on the column containing the trash can icon.
ignore and ignore: can be set to yes, allowClickMode, allowClickFlagMode and no. If this tag is set to yes then the division will be ignored when asking for divisions in that map. It is then as if this division does not exist in & kgeography; quiz modes. If this tag is set to allowClickMode then & kgeography; will ask for the division in the Location of... mode but not in other quiz modes. If this tag is set to allowClickFlagMode then & kgeography; will ask for the division in the Location of... mode and in the flag related quizes but not in other quiz modes. Setting this tag to no means the division will appear in all modes (browse and quizzes). This tag is optional and when there is no ignore tag that means as it is set to no. For example Algeria has this tag set to yes in the Europe map which means that Algeria will not be part of any quiz in the Europe map.
All commonly used & CVS; functionality is directly available in & cervisia; 's main view. Commands usually act on several files at once, namely all which currently selected. If the selection includes folders, its interpretation depends on the settings made under the Settings menu. For example, if Settings Commit & Remove Recursively is checked and you choose File Commit... while a folder is selected, then all files in the tree under that folder are committed. Otherwise, only the regular files in the folder itself are affected.
There are normally 365 days in one calendar year, but it turns out that a true year (ie;, a full orbit of the Earth around the Sun; also called a tropical year) is a little bit longer than 365 days. In other words, in the time it takes the Earth to complete one orbital circuit, it completes 365.24219 spin rotations. Do not be too surprised by this; there is no reason to expect the spin and orbital motions of the Earth to be synchronized in any way. However, it does make marking calendar time a bit awkward....
If the icon sizes offered by your chosen icon theme are not enough for you, there is still the option Double-sized pixels. If this option is selected, all icons will have double sized pixels, & ie; a 2x2 block instead of normal pixels. While this makes it possible to achieve very large icon sizes, the quality is poor: icons will look blocky, an effect you may remember if you've grown up using a Sinclair ZX Spectrum or similar. If this is an option for you, using the large sizes offered by & kde; 's HiColor icon theme will always result in a much better quality than using the low color icon theme with double sized pixels.
Although MLDonkey does not understand about character encodings, you may well encounter text on the Donkey network that has been encoded in various national character sets. While you should, in general, use the ISO 8859-1 encoding - the de-facto network standard - you can choose a different character encoding here if you expect most of the text you encounter to be encoded in a certain national character set. Note: Changing this causes KMLDonkey to reconnect to the core. Changing it to something incompatible with the ISO 8859-1 character set may cause unpredictable behavior.
& fsview; supports multiple selection of items, similar to the iconview and listview. This allows for actions to be done simultaneously to a set of files. A simple mouse click always selects a single item below the mouse pointer. Use a mouse click in combination with pressing the & Shift; key for range selection or the & Ctrl; Key for selection toggle. Note that by selecting an item, subitems can no longer be selected. Selecting an item will also clear the selection of all its parent items before.
Now that we have the time and location set, let us have a look around. You can pan the display using the arrow keys. If you hold down the & Shift; key before panning, the scrolling speed is increased. The display can also be panned by clicking and dragging with the mouse. Note that while the display is scrolling, not all objects are displayed. This is done to cut down on the CPU load of recomputing object positions, which makes the scrolling smoother (you can configure what gets hidden while scrolling in the Configure & kstars; window). There are several ways to change the magnification (or Zoom level) of the display:
& kstars; lets you explore the night sky from the comfort of your computer chair. It provides an accurate graphical representation of the night sky for any date, from any location on Earth. The display includes 126,000 stars to 9th magnitude (well below the naked-eye limit), 13,000 deep-sky objects (Messier, NGC, and IC catalogs), all planets, the Sun and Moon, hundreds of comets and asteroids, the Milky Way, 88 constellations, and guide lines such as the celestial equator, the horizon and the ecliptic.
Professor David Singmaster, an English mathematician, was one of the first to investigate Rubik's Cube and its relationship to the branch of mathematics known as Group Theory. In his book, Notes on Rubik's'Magic Cube ', Fifth Edition, published in 1980, he sets out a way of describing sequences of cube moves briefly. Mathematicians call this a notation and Singmaster's Notation is now widely used internationally in books and on websites when discussing problems and solutions in Rubik's Cube puzzles. For example, see the Wikipedia article and its links on the subject of Rubik's Cube.
If you checked the Encrypt Message button and & kmail; cannot find a matching key for a recipient, it will display a list containing all available keys in the Encryption Key Selection dialog; if & kmail; finds more than one trusted key for a recipient, it will display a list containing all matching keys for this recipient. In both cases you can select the key(s) which should be used for encrypting this message for the recipient in question. Using the Remember choice checkbox you can save your selection for future messages.
There are twenty languages available at the moment: Arabic, Czech, Brazilian Portuguese, British English, Danish, Dutch, English, French, German, Hebrew, Hungarian, Italian, Kannada, Low Saxon, Luganda, Malayalam, Romanized Hindi, Spanish, Slovak and Telugu. If your & kde; language is among those, then it is taken as default, otherwise French is the default. You can easily get any additional available language by using the File menu and Get Alphabet in New Language... menu item, provided that your computer is connected to the Internet.
This section is for all of the users who need to move email messages from their previous email client over to & kmail;. & kmail; can store its messages using mbox or maildir formats, which are the most widely-used mailbox formats on & UNIX; systems. Mbox mailboxes store messages in one file, identifying where messages start and end with a From line (do not mix this up with the From: header that contains the message's sender); Maildir uses one file per message. For many & UNIX; email clients, all you must do is move your mailboxes to ~/ Mail (or make Mail a symbolic link to the folder containing your mailboxes), make sure they are writable by your user, and launch & kmail;. The mailboxes should now show up correctly in & kmail;.
Duplex Printing: These controls may be grayed out if your printer does not support duplex printing (i. e. printing on both sides of the sheet.) These controls are active if your printer supports duplex printing. You can choose from 3 alternatives: None. This prints each page of the job on one side of the sheets only. Long Side. This prints the job on both sides of the paper sheets. It prints the job in a way so that the backside has the same orientation as the front side if you fold the paper over the long edge. (Some printer drivers call this mode duplex-non-tumbled.) Short Side. This prints the job on both sides of the paper sheets. It prints the job so that the backside has the reverse orientation from the front side if you turn the paper over the long edge, but the same orientation, if you turn it over the short edge. (Some printer drivers name this mode duplex-tumbled.) Additional hint for power users: This KDEPrint GUI element corresponds to the CUPS command line job option parameter: -o duplex=... # examples: "tumble" or "two-sided-short-edge"
This option allows you to change the relationship between the distance that the mouse pointer moves on the screen and the relative movement of the physical device itself (which may be a mouse, trackball, or some other pointing device.) A high value for the acceleration will lead to large movements of the mouse pointer on the screen even when you only make a small movement with the physical device. Selecting very high values may result in the mouse pointer flying across the screen, making it hard to control.
Abbreviation for C ommon U NIX P rinting S ystem; & CUPS; is the most modern & UNIX; and Linux printing system, also providing cross-platform print services to & Microsoft; & Windows; and Apple & MacOS; clients. Based on IPP, it does away with all the pitfalls of old-style BSD printing, providing authentication, encryption and ACLs, plus many more features. At the same time it is backward-compatible enough to serve all legacy clients that are not yet up to IPP, via LPR/ LPD (BSD-style). & CUPS; is able to control any & PostScript; printer by utilizing the vendor-supplied PPD (PostScript Printer Description file), targeted originally for & Microsoft; Windows NT printing only. & kde; Printing is most powerful if based on & CUPS;.
Opens a dialog which allows you to select files in the active panel. In the Search for dialog place the main search criteria. Enter a filename, a wildcard (*. o. *, *. c & etc;) or both - separated by a space. When using'text ', the results are the same as '*text*'. You can exclude files from the search with '_BAR_ '(eg; '*. cpp *. h _BAR_ *. moc. cpp'). With the profile handler you can manage your selections for future usage. A double-click on a profile is the same as entering the selection and pressing the OK button. More options for Select Group dialog are explained in the Search dialog, which are basically almost the same dialogs.
By selecting a color from color gradient panels. In the left one, two from HSV components can be selected, and in the right one, the third one. The third component can be chosen by clicking on one of the buttons labeled H:, S: and V:. The one component panel display colors with the other two components equal to these selected in the two components panel. The two components panel may display colors with the third component fixed, or, if the Variable check-box is set, with a value equal to the one selected in the one component panel. In the Replace mode, the color selected in panels replaces the output one instantly, and in the Change: mode it modifies the output color after each click, or a mouse move while a mouse button is pressed. Therefore, in the latter mode the color selected in the gradient panels may be different from the output color. To synchronize the colors, the Synchronize button can be used.
KDEis a world-wide network of software engineers, artists, writers, translators and facilitators who are committed to Free Softwaredevelopment. This community has created hundreds of Free Software applications as part of the KDE Development Platform and KDE Software Distribution. KDE is a cooperative enterprise in which no single entity controls the efforts or products of KDE to the exclusion of others. Everyone is welcome to join and contribute to KDE, including you. Visit http://www.kde.orgfor more information about the KDE community and the software we produce.
Clicking on the Search button to start the search and open the Results window. Here you can see the progress and the results of the search action. If you want you can stop the current search action with the Stop button. In the result list select the file and use F3 / F4 to view/ edit or use the right-click menu. When you click on a found item, the directory of the active panel will change if the selected item is not in the current panel directory. The results window supports dragging items to other windows and copy to clipboard (Ctrl; C). When you close the Krusearcher window, the selected item is selected in the active panel.
The Sidereal Time is useful for determining where the stars are at any given time. Sidereal Time divides one full spin of the Earth into 24 Sidereal Hours; similarly, the map of the sky is divided into 24 Hours of Right Ascension. This is no coincidence; Local Sidereal Time (LST) indicates the Right Ascension on the sky that is currently crossing the Local Meridian. So, if a star has a Right Ascension of 05h 32m 24s, it will be on your meridian at LST=05:32:24. More generally, the difference between an object's RA and the Local Sidereal Time tells you how far from the Meridian the object is. For example, the same object at LST=06:32:24 (one Sidereal Hour later), will be one Hour of Right Ascension west of your meridian, which is 15 degrees. This angular distance from the meridian is called the object's Hour Angle.
However, there is an important difference between the equatorial and geographic coordinate systems: the geographic system is fixed to the Earth; it rotates as the Earth does. The Equatorial system is fixed to the stars actually, the equatorial coordinates are not quite fixed to the stars. See precession. Also, if Hour Angle is used in place of Right Ascension, then the Equatorial system is fixed to the Earth, not to the stars., so it appears to rotate across the sky with the stars, but of course it is really the Earth rotating under the fixed sky.
To launch a program using & konsole;, click the & kmenu; and choose System Terminals Konsole. Once & konsole; appears on the screen, simply type the name of the program you wish to launch (remembering that bash, the command language interpreter that & konsole; uses by default, is case-sensitive) and press Enter. If you are unsure about the name of a program, type the first few letters then press the & Tab; key on your keyboard. By pressing & Tab;, bash (through & konsole;) will try to guess the name of the program you wish to launch. If it finds more than one matching program, a list of matching programs will be printed on the screen. Type the name of the program from the list and press Enter to launch.
Variable tree The variable tree allows you to see the values of local variables and arbitrary expressions. Local variables are displayed automatically and are updated as you step through your program. For each expression you enter, you can either evaluate it once, or "watch" it (make it auto-updated). Expressions that are not auto-updated can be updated manually from the context menu. Expressions can be renamed to more descriptive names by clicking on the name column. To change the value of a variable or an expression, click on the value.
Dots Per Inch (DPI) specifies the number of pixels of the image that should be printed inside one inch (2.54cm). The higher the image's DPI, the smaller the printed image. Note that your printer is unlikely to produce high quality prints if you increase this to more than 300 or 600 DPI, depending on the printer. If you would like to print the image so that it is the same size as it is displayed on the screen, set the image's DPI values to be the same as the screen's. If either DPI value is Unspecified, the image will also be printed to be the same size as on the screen. Not all image formats support DPI values. If the format you save in does not support them, they will not be saved.
... that the Coverage tab - in contrast to the Call Lists tab - shows all functions that are calling the selected function (upper part) / are called by the selected function (bottom part), no matter how many function are between them on the stack? Examples: An entry in the upper list for function foo1() with a value of 50% with function bar() selected means that 50% of all the cost of function bar() happened while called from function foo1(). An entry in the bottom list for function foo2() with a value of 50% with function bar() selected means that 50% of all the cost of function bar() happened while calling foo2() from bar().
This pane contains the list of your message folders (other email programs may call them mailboxes). To select a folder, simply click on it. The messages contained in the folder will now appear in the Headers pane. The folder list can be displayed in both a short view, which takes up only a small portion of the left side of the screen, and a long view, which takes up the entire left side of the screen but is able to show more mailboxes. You can toggle between these two views under Appearance / Layout in the Settings Configure & kmail;... dialog. Also see the Folders Section for more information about how to use folders.
File Associations This module allows you to choose which applications are associated with a given type of file. File types are also referred to as MIME types (MIME is an acronym which stands for "Multipurpose Internet Mail Extensions"). A file association consists of the following: Rules for determining the MIME-type of a file, for example the filename pattern *. png, which means'all files with names that end in. png ', is associated with the MIME type "image/ png"; A short description of the MIME-type, for example the description of the MIME type "image/ png" is simply'PNG image'; An icon to be used for displaying files of the given MIME-type, so that you can easily identify the type of file in a file manager or file-selection dialog (at least for the types you use often); A list of the applications which can be used to open files of the given MIME-type -- if more than one application can be used then the list is ordered by priority. You may be surprised to find that some MIME types have no associated filename patterns; in these cases, KDE is able to determine the MIME-type by directly examining the contents of the file.
There are many ways that you can get involved with the continued development of & showfoto;. You do not need to be a software developer. You can help with documentation, translation and user interface design or just contribute really good ideas to the wish-list. You can also get involved by testing early development code as it is being developed and providing feedback to the developers. Of course, if you are a software developer then you can help to make & showfoto; the best digital photograph application there is.
Start up & kopete; from the menu (it can normally be found in the Internet folder) When it starts up you should see a window with & kopete; at the top, menus and a tool bar below, and then your contacts below. You should add some accounts by clicking on the Settings menu and selecting the Configure Kopete option. By selecting the Accounts option you should see a list of your accounts (initially empty) and options to add new accounts and to edit or remove existing accounts. By clicking on the add new account button, you can add a new account using the wizard. When you have added an account, you can connect to this account by clicking on the relevant icon at the bottom of your main & kopete; window. This should make your contacts appear in the contacts window.
Perceptual intent causes the full gamut of the image to be compressed or expanded to fill the gamut of the destination media, so that gray balance is preserved but colorimetric accuracy may not be preserved. In other words, if certain colors in an image fall outside of the range of colors that the output device can render, the image intent will cause all the colors in the image to be adjusted so that every color in the image falls within the range that can be rendered and so that the relationship between colors is preserved as much as possible. This intent is most suitable for display of photographs and images, and is the default intent. Absolute Colorimetric intent causes any colors that fall outside the range that the output device can render to be adjusted to the closest color that can be rendered, while all other colors are left unchanged. This intent preserves the white point and is most suitable for spot colors (Pantone, TruMatch, logo colors,...). Relative Colorimetric intent is defined such that any colors that fall outside the range that the output device can render are adjusted to the closest color that can be rendered, while all other colors are left unchanged. Proof intent does not preserve the white point. Saturation intent preserves the saturation of colors in the image at the possible expense of hue and lightness. Implementation of this intent remains somewhat problematic, and the ICC is still working on methods to achieve the desired effects. This intent is most suitable for business graphics such as charts, where it is more important that the colors be vivid and contrast well with each other rather than a specific color.
A revered, important animal to Egyptian society and religion, the cat was afforded the same mummification after death as humans were. When finishing this catty level, do not be fooled by the cat's tail that appears once you pick up the last treasure. The only exit is on the left. So you need to let the mummies bring you the treasure that is to the right of the cat's head, since you cannot pick up every piece and run back in time. To get the mummies to bring you the treasure, you must dig out the five bricks on the bottom and allow them to pass (or get trapped and killed).
The Sending tab provides a list of ways to send messages. The first item in the list is the default way to send messages. Using the Add... button you can choose between two different ways of sending messages: SMTP and Sendmail. & Sendmail; here means a local software installation & mdash; this has a reputation of being difficult to set up, so if you do not already have a working & Sendmail; configuration, choose SMTP and fill in the Name field with a descriptive name (eg; My Mail Account) and the Host field with the name and domain of your mail server (eg; smtp. provider. com). You will probably not need to change the Port setting (the default is 25).
A nuclear isomer is a metastable or isomeric state of an atom caused by the excitation of a proton or neutron in its nucleus so that it requires a change in spin before it can release its extra energy. They decay to lower energy states of the nuclide through two isomeric transitions: [br] - > & #947; - emission (emission of a high-energy photon)[br] - > internal conversion (the energy is used to ionize the atom)[br] Contrast this with the definition of a chemical isomer, the more common use of the word. Also contrast with the meaning of isotope, in which the difference is the number of neutrons in the nucleus. Metastable isomers of a particular atom are usually designated with an "m" (or, in the case of atoms with more than one isomer, 2m, 3m, and so on). This designation is usually placed after the atomic symbol and number of the atom (e. g., Co-58m), but is sometimes placed as a superscript before (e. g., [sup]m[/ sup]Co-58 or [sup]58m[/ sup]Co).
As an example, suppose you want to draw a circle, which has parametric equations x=sin(t), y=cos(t). In the & kmplot; functions dialog, do the following: Open the parametric plot dialog with Plot New Parametric Plot.... Enter a name for the function, say, circle, in the Name box. The names of the x and y functions change to match this name: the x function becomes xcircle(t) and the y function becomes ycircle(t). In the x and y boxes, enter the appropriate equations, & ie;, xcircle(t)= sin(t) and ycircle(t)= cos(t). Click on OK and the function will be drawn.
Konfigurator is & krusader; s configuration module, if you have installed & krusader; then you have also Konfigurator. For some reason some people think it's an other & kde; application, but it is not, so you do n't need to install the & kde; Desktop Environment to use Konfigurator. When running & krusader;, use Settings Configure & krusader;, and it will start Konfigurator. Please read the manual, & krusader; has many many configuration options, a lot of things can be customized to your needs with Konfigurator.
Apart from offering you the normal copy, cut and paste functionality that you would expect to copy objects between different diagrams, & umbrello; can copy the objects as PNG pictures so that you can insert them into any other type of document. You do not need to do anything special to use this feature, just select an object from a diagram (Class, Actor, & etc;) and copy it (Ctrl; C, or using the menu), then open a & kword; document (or any program into which you can paste images) and select Paste. This is a great feature to export parts of your diagram as simple pictures.
A dehydrator is a piece of laboratory apparatus, often made of glass, and which serves to dry chemical matters; that is, to remove water or liquid from a sample. \t\t\tIn principle it is a glass bowl with cap that has a planar grinding, so that the bowl is air-tight. The dehydrator's lower part is ordinarily filled with a drying agent such as calcium chloride, silica gel, phosphoric anhydride or sulphuric acid. The sample to be dried is placed on a diaphanous cartridge of plastic or ceramic above the drying agent. \t\t\tThe drying agent is hygroscopic, which means that it dehumidifies its environment by absorbing water vapor. The dry atmosphere then takes up water from the sample to be dried.
MSN supports the sending and receiving of webcams, if your camera is supported by the Video4Linux 2 (v4l2) standard. To view someones webcam, right click on their MSN butterfly icon and select View Contact's Webcam. File transfer and multi user chats work. To transfer a file, drag the file from & konqueror; or the desktop into the chat window. To invite someone else into a chat, drag them from the Contact List into the chat window. The File menu also contains these commands. In addition, MSN supports custom emoticons.
Go anti-clockwise around the circuit and take an enemy with you, trapping him in the pits at bottom left, lower right and upper right. Then you can run across the concrete and collect the gold up there. Next, clear out all of the left side except for one nugget above a ladder. To get this one, release the second enemy and take him all the way around the circuit. Follow him up the long ladder, staying on it till he runs over to the left and falls. Now go to the left end of the concrete as he circulates around the left side of the play area. As he falls past your feet, run over to the small ladder and get the gold. To get past the lower left pit, stand on the enemy and dig left. When you fall, dig right and escape, but stay low until the bricks close, then you can use the short ladder to lead the enemy up, across, down and out. To operate the lower right pit, go and get the gold in the centre of the circuit, then dig each side of the short ladder there. Fall to the left as the enemy is caught on the right. When the enemy emerges, he will go right and drop into the pit. Stand on his head and dig left to release him. You can push the enemy up the right hand ladder and to the left by standing a little way from the bottom of the ladder. You will need careful timing and digging to get him into the top right pit. Once there, you can run over him. If he still has gold, stand to the left of the pit and dig repeatedly until he drops the gold somewhere on his rounds.
There are many ways that you can get involved with the continued development of & digikam;. You do not need to be a software developer. You can help with documentation, translation and user interface design or just contribute really good ideas to the wish-list. You can also get involved by testing early development code as it is being developed and providing feedback to the developers. Of course, if you are a software developer then you can help to make & digikam; the best digital photograph application there is.
You can use the dialog's drop down box to select one of the built in presets. You can also adjust individual sliders here. Adjusting a slider will automatically cause a switch to the Manual preset so feel free to experiment with them until you find a desirable combination. When you are ready to save, click the Add new preset icon to the right of the drop down box. If you change to another preset without saving your changes they will be lost. In addition to saving you can also click the Manage presets icon, to the right of the drop down box, to delete or rename presets.
It stands for Subversion, and is a version control system. It is similar to CVS, but improves on it in many ways. It is used to maintain source code under development. It will keep multiple versions of things (handy if you broke something and have to back up and get a clean old version), and allows people remote access over the internet to pick up the latest source code and even to check in new files if they have permission. It is also open source (you pay for support if you want it), and since it is free it is the system of choice for people writing more free products, such as & kde;.
Pages per Sheet: You can choose to print more than one page onto each sheet of paper. This is sometimes useful to save paper. Note 1: the page images get scaled down accordingly to print 2 or 4 pages per sheet. The page image does not get scaled if you print 1 page per sheet (the default setting). Note 2: If you select multiple pages per sheet here, the scaling and re-arranging is done by your printing system. However, some printers are independently capable of printing multiple pages per sheet. In which case you find the option in the printer driver settings. Be careful: if you enable multiple pages per sheet in both places, your printout will not look as you intended. Additional hint for power users: This KDEPrint GUI element corresponds to the CUPS command line job option parameter: -o number-up=... # examples: "2" or "4"
Option that lists available video outputs and lets you choose the one to use for playing video. Recommended choice depends on the video card you have. For Matrox card try XMGA, for other cards either XVidix (if supported) or XVideo provide the best quality. With NVidia drivers you can also try XVMC output. If after trying hard you cannot make any of these work, you can use X11 output as the last resort. Video outputs that open a separate window instead of using KPlayer video area are not recommended. Auto will let MPlayer choose a video output according to its own configuration. If you need to specify more than one output separated by comma, set this option to Auto and put them in Additional Command Line Arguments on Advanced page.
Quickly go right and down the staircase, with the enemy following. Dig once, about halfway down. After the last gold piece, dig and go up on the underladder. Wait under the next brick down from where the enemy is trapped. The enemy will climb out and descend, Run through the opening where he was, before it closes. You can then use him to move over to the next underladder to the right. Run to the top of the underladder, over and down the staircase. Dig left while standing on the enemy and then dig right, underneath the enemy, when you are next him. Run over him, to collect any gold he has, and then down a few steps. Dig and go up the underladder, to wait for him to be reborn and come down your staircase, so that you can use him to move across to the next underladder. Repeat for the remaining staircases to the right until you can get to the top pole. Go across to the far left and fall to the top brick of the bottom left section. Collect all the gold, leaving the piece on the far left of the second staircase for last, otherwise you will fall and be trapped. Evade the enemies by running up ladders and luring them onto steps. Run all the way to the right and up the last ladder. Dig as necessary to outwit the enemies, proceeding through the remaining cascades and up the ladders on the far right to end the level.
This simple method is conceptually correct, but it cannot be used to obtain stellar temperatures accurately, because stars are not perfect blackbodies. The presence of various elements in the star's atmosphere will cause certain wavelengths of light to be absorbed. Because these absorption lines are not uniformly distributed over the spectrum, they can skew the position of the spectral peak. Moreover, obtaining a usable spectrum of a star is a time-intensive process and is prohibitively inefficient for large samples of stars.
New entries can be added by using the Entry Editor. The Collection New Entry menu item will open the Entry Editor with an empty entry ready for editing. The Entry Editor can also be opened by using the Settings Show Entry Editor menu item. Once you've entered the values for the entry, you can save it to the collection by using the Save Entry button in the Entry Editor dialog, which remains open in case you want to continue adding new entries. Once you've saved an entry in the collection, you can modify it by clicking on it in the main window. If the Entry Editor is not already open, you can double click an entry to open the editor and start editing.
Once a search is initiated, the Search button becomes Stop which will end a search. As results are found, they are added to the list directly under the search box, where selecting an item will show the result without adding it to the collection. Clicking the Add Entry button will add all the selected items to your collection. If the data source has more results than were initially requested, the Get More Results button becomes active. Clicking Clear will remove all the current results and reset the search.
The Playlist Browser is divided into two sections, Playlists and Smart Playlists. The Playlists sections is for your own custom playlists. You can view the contents of your playlists in a list view by clicking the + symbol found next to each of the listed playlists. When you view a playlist in the list view new items can be added to the playlist by dragging and dropping them into the view. When you have found a playlist that you would like to load, you can double click the playlist, or press the Space Bar to have & amarok; load it. The other Playlist Browser keyboard shortcuts can be found in the Keyboard Shortcuts section.
Welcome to digiKam %1 digiKam is an open source photo management program designed to import, organize, enhance, search and export your digital images to and from your computer. Currently, you are in the Album view mode of digiKam. Albums are the places where your files are stored, and are identical to the folders on your hard disk. digiKam has many powerful features which are described in the documentation The digiKam homepage provides information about new versions of digiKam. %7 Some of the new features in this release of digiKam include (compared to digiKam %4): %5 %6 We hope that you will enjoy digiKam. Thank you, The digiKam team
This pane displays the currently selected message. Attachments appear at the bottom of the message, either as icons or embedded in the message, depending on View Attachments. For complex messages the structure of the message is shown in the message structure viewer below the preview pane. The placement of the preview pane as well as the placement of the structure viewer can be changed under Appearance / Layout in the Settings Configure & kmail;... dialog. Moreover, you can disable the preview pane and you can choose when the message structure viewer should be shown. You can scroll through the message page-by-page using the Page Up and Page down keys, or line-by-line using the up arrow and down arrow keys; you can also use key shortcuts to skip through your messages without having to use the mouse.
The addition of the --startonshow parameter tells ksystraycmd to start with only the tray icon visible (like the --hidden parameter), and to wait until the user activates the tray icon before running the target command. We've also used the --quitonhide parameter which tells ksystraycmd to terminate the target app whenever its window is hidden. Using both these parameters ensures that our & konsole; tray icon does n't waste resources when we are n't using it. Creating and destroying the target window as we do here prevents the standard icon and title handling of ksystraycmd from working, so we now need to specify the initial icon and tooltip explicitly too.
We introduced you to setting presence in the previous chapter. 'Presence 'determines how visible you are on the & im; network. To use the network at all, you have to connect to the network, so you can send and receive messages and see others' presence. Once you are connected, most & im; systems allow you to indicate what you're doing and whether you want to chat by setting special types of presence such as Away or Free For Chat. The difference presence settings are particular to each away system; but & kopete; allows you some control all your & im; systems at once by setting them to Away or Available at the same time.
Show images/ thumbnails rotated according to orientation tag: this will use any orientation information that your camera has included in the EXIF information to automatically rotate your photographs so that they are the correct way up when displayed. It will not actually rotate the image file, only the display of the image on the screen. If you want to permanently rotate the image on file, you can right-click on the thumbnail and select Auto-rotate/ flip according to EXIF orientation. The image will then be rotated on disk and the tag will be reset to "normal". If your camera routinely gets this orientation information wrong you might like to switch this feature off.
Well, it has been nice and easy up to now, but the game would be no fun without enemies. They are after the gold too: worse still they are after you! You die if they catch you, but maybe you will have a few lives left and can start again. You can handle enemies by running away, digging a hole or luring them into part of the playing area where they get stranded. If an enemy falls into a hole, he gives up any gold he is carrying, then gets stuck in the hole for a time and climbs out. If the hole closes while he is in it, he dies and reappears somewhere else on the screen. You can deliberately kill enemies by digging several holes in a row. More importantly, you can run over an enemy's head. You should do that right at the start of this level. Dig a hole, trap the enemy, wait for him to fall all the way in, then run over him, with the other enemy in hot pursuit... If you are feeling stressed, you can hit the Pause key at any time (default P or Esc) and take a break. Hit it again when you wish to continue.
When the display is in motion, & kstars; must recompute the screen coordinates of every object in its database, which involves some pretty heavy trigonometry. When scrolling the display (either with the arrow keys or by dragging with the mouse), the display may become slow and jerky, because the computer is having trouble keeping up. By excluding many of the objects, the computational load is greatly reduced, which allows for smoother scrolling. You can turn off this feature in the Configure & kstars; window, and you can also configure which objects get hidden.
p, li {white-space: pre-wrap;} Normal Scheduling: Default Linux time-sharing (Other) Normal is the standard Linux time-sharing scheduler that is intended for all processes that do not require special static priority real-time mechanisms. The process to run is chosen from the list of other Normal or Batch processes based on a dynamic priority that is determined only inside this list. The dynamic priority is based on the priority level given and increased for each time-quantum the process is ready to run, but denied to run by the scheduler. This ensures fair progress among all Normal processes.
One of the benefits of the bookmark manager is that the passwords are saved using & kde; 's services - where e. g. your & konqueror; /kmail; password are saved. If you have a wallet, & kde; will save the passwords there. By clicking the bookmarks, a dialog will open and ask for your username and password. Supply them and click'save password '. The passwords and usernames will be saved securely by & kde; 's wallet (make sure it is enabled by your distro). The downside here is that if you reinstall and do not backup your passwords from the wallet as well as & krusader; 's bookmark file, something will be lost.
Please note that a space before the ';' is mandatory. In this example, Algerian-Roman is the name & koffice; uses for Algerian. You'll have to add such lines for the fonts & koffice; does n't display correctly. To make this task easier, Donovan Rebbechi has written a perl script you can find at http: / /pegasus. rutgers. edu/ ~elflord/ font_howto/ kwdfont. Assuming that you have a fontfile / usr/ share/ ghostscript/ fonts/ fontfile. ttf you'll enter kwdfont / usr/ share/ ghostscript/ fonts/ fontfile. ttf to get the appropriate aliases. The script should mork in most cases. As mentioned, you should have a look at the Font HOWTO for more accurate and in-depth information.
In general, a package for an older version of your distribution or even for another distribution might work on your computer (eg; FC RPM's often work on Mdk and RH, and vice versa), but it is always the best that you install only RPM's that exactly match your distribution. If you cannot find a package that matches your distribution version, architecture or distribution, then use a source RPM. When you use a source RPM, the Krusader sources will be built, on your computer, guaranteeing a suitable binary RPM for your specific distribution and architecture. In addition, this method results in maximum system speed, since the resulting binary is customized for your computer. Please read the previous question, it explains how to install a source RPM. The best solution is explained in the next question.
To use tabbed browsing, right click on a link and choose Open in New Tab from the drop down menu. The page will be downloaded and displayed as normal, but with tabs across the top of the view, one tab for each page. Left click on a tab to view that page, or you can use the shortcuts Ctrl; [and Ctrl;] to cycle through the tab pages. Alternatively, you can scroll through the tabs using the mouse wheel while the mouse pointer is over the tab bar (presuming that your mouse has one). Also, double-clicking over the empty tab bar space will open a new tab.
Here, select the type of effect to apply to an image. Fish Eyes: warps the photograph around a 3D spherical shape to reproduce the common photograph'Fish Eyes' effect. Twirl: spins the photograph to produce a Twirl pattern. Cylinder Hor.: warps the photograph around a horizontal cylinder. Cylinder Vert.: warps the photograph around a vertical cylinder. Cylinder H/ V.: warps the photograph around 2 cylinders, vertical and horizontal. Caricature: distorts the photograph with the'Fish Eyes' effect inverted. Multiple Corners: splits the photograph like a multiple corners pattern. Waves Horizontal: distorts the photograph with horizontal waves. Waves Vertical: distorts the photograph with vertical waves. Block Waves 1: divides the image into cells and makes it look as if it is being viewed through glass blocks. Block Waves 2: like Block Waves 1 but with another version of glass blocks distortion. Circular Waves 1: distorts the photograph with circular waves. Circular Waves 2: another variation of the Circular Waves effect. Polar Coordinates: converts the photograph from rectangular to polar coordinates. Unpolar Coordinates: the Polar Coordinate effect inverted. Tile: splits the photograph into square blocks and moves them randomly inside the image.
The Property EditorYou can change the appearance and behavior of the selected widget in the property editor. You can set properties for components and forms at design time and see the immediately see the effects of the changes. Each property has its own editor which (depending on the property) can be used to enter new values, open a special dialog, or to select values from a predefined list. Click F1 to get detailed help for the selected property. You can resize the columns of the editor by dragging the separators in the list's header. Signal HandlersIn the Signal Handlers tab you can define connections between the signals emitted by widgets and the slots in the form. (These connections can also be made using the connection tool.)
WorkspaceSelect here the output color space used to decode RAW data. Raw (linear): in this mode, no output color space is used during RAW decoding. sRGB: this is an RGB color space, created cooperatively by Hewlett-Packard and Microsoft. It is the best choice for images destined for the Web and portrait photography. Adobe RGB: this color space is an extended RGB color space, developed by Adobe. It is used for photography applications such as advertising and fine art. Wide Gamut: this color space is an expanded version of the Adobe RGB color space. Pro-Photo: this color space is an RGB color space, developed by Kodak, that offers an especially large gamut designed for use with photographic outputs in mind. Custom: use a custom output color space profile.
If you use one application or tool very often, then you may want to have even faster access to it, of course. In this case, you can add a single application, or an entire sub-menu of the & kmenu;, as a special quick-launch button, on to the panel. If you want to reach the & kfind; application directly via a launch button, simply choose K menu Panel Menu Add Button Find Files (By this we mean that you should first click the & kmenu;, then select Panel Menu, where the small arrow to the right indicates that another menu will pop up. In this menu, choose Add, then Button, and in the next sub-menu, Find Files).
Once you have created your diagrams it is time to start editing them. Here you should notice the (for beginners subtle) difference between editing your diagram, and editing the model. As you already know, Diagrams are views of your model. For example, if you create a class by editing a Class Diagram, you are really editing both, your Diagram and your model. If you change the color or other display options of a Class in your Class Diagram, you are only editing the Diagram, but nothing is changed in your model.
Thus, the object's Hour Angle indicates how much Sidereal Time has passed since the object was on the Local Meridian. It is also the angular distance between the object and the meridian, measured in hours (1 hour = 15 degrees). For example, if an object has an hour angle of 2.5 hours, it transited across the Local Meridian 2.5 hours ago, and is currently 37.5 degrees West of the Meridian. Negative Hour Angles indicate the time until the next transit across the Local Meridian. Of course, an Hour Angle of zero means the object is currently on the Local Meridian.
Branches of a module are parallel versions of this module. A good real life example of the use of this feature is the release of a software project. After a major release, there are bugs in the code that should be fixed, but people want to add new features to the application too. It is very hard to do both at the same time because new features usually introduce new bugs, making it hard to track down the old ones. To solve this dilemma, & CVS; lets you create a parallel version, that we will call the & quot; stable release branchquot;, where you can only add bugfixes, leaving the main branch (HEAD) open for adding new features.
& krusader; has many useful features. It is fast, and handles archives transparently. In addition, & krusader; streamlines many complex file management tasks, reducing fatigue, errors, and distraction. Basically, & krusader; provides all the helpful features you have come to expect from other quality file management tools like Midnight Commander and Total Commander. & krusader; is designed to integrate seamlessly with the & kde; Desktop, the desktop of choice for many programmers, network engineers, and other power users of & Linux;. With & krusader; even novice users can quickly access the power, convenience, and feature rich capabilities of the & kde; Desktop. & krusader; is a free open-source project, and it is released under the GNU; General Public License (GPL), although the developers still retain the copyright for the project and its name, and manage the project's continuing evolution.
Remember, you have to download the articles of the new subscribed group; this may take some time if there are many articles in the group. The only important articles are yours and the answers by the check handler; if you want to reduce the number of articles fetched during the test you can configure this in Settings Configure KNode... Reading News General Maximal number of articles to fetch: if you reduce this dramatically, you should not wait too long to fetch the new articles after sending your test article; however, if it set too low your article might not be fetched. A tolerably-fast news server should provide your article right after you sent it; you might, however, have to wait a while, at worst 1 or 2 days. Feel free to send another article if cannot see your initial one; this is what the test groups are for.
Believe me, it is very unlikely that your printer is the only one with the name lp. Maybe & CUPS; is playing a trick on you. As you might have the setting ImplicitClasses On activated, & CUPS; tries to stuff all printers it sees on the network into a Class name lp. All jobs destined to lp are sent to this class and the first available member prints it. So if you had this nice fellow (who listened closely when you raved about & CUPS; and & kdeprint;) install & CUPS; and poke around the system... get the idea?
The object of the game is to collect all the gold, by moving or falling onto it. When there is none left, you must move to the top of the playing area to get to the next level. Often, as you collect the last piece of gold, hidden ladders will appear and you can use them to climb to the top. Sometimes there are no hidden ladders. Also, very rarely, the hidden ladders could be a decoy that leads the wrong way. If the level has no gold, there will be no hidden ladders and you just have to work out how to get to the top of the playing area.
We hope that & kommander; begins to get the developer support and recognition required to achieve the potential it offers. Our end goal is to make & kommander; useful for novice users to extend and merge their applications. At the same time it should become a good prototyping tool. Also it opens the door to the promise of open source in a new way. We know that people can extend our GPL'd programs, but the fact remains very few have the skills. With & kommander; those numbers see a huge multiplier! Some applications may be most logical as a & kommander; application. We already use it in areas we want to allow extensibility in & quantaplus;.
Color Similarity is how similar the colors of different pixels must be, for operations to consider them to be the same. If you set it to something other than Exact Match, you can work more effectively with dithered images and photos, in a comparable manner to the "Magic Wand" feature of other paint programs. This feature applies to: Selections: In Transparent mode, any color in the selection that is similar to the background color will be made transparent. Flood Fill: For regions with similar - but not identical - colored pixels, a higher setting is likely to fill more pixels. Color Eraser: Any pixel whose color is similar to the foreground color will be replaced with the background color. Autocrop and Remove Internal Border: For borders with similar - but not identical - colored pixels, a higher setting is more likely to crop the whole border. Higher settings mean that operations consider an increased range of colors to be sufficiently similar so as to be the same. Therefore, you should increase the setting if the above operations are not affecting pixels whose colors you consider to be similar enough. However, if they are having too much of an effect and are changing pixels whose colors you do not consider to be similar (e. g. if Flood Fill is changing too many pixels), you should decrease this setting.
An Indirect entry also contains a host name, pattern or macro, but follows it with a list of host names or macros to which the queries should be forwarded. Indirect entries can be excluding as well, in which case a (valid) dummy host name must be supplied to make the entry distinguishable from a Direct entry. If compiled with IPv6 support, multicast address groups may also be included in the list of addresses the queries are forwarded to. If the indirect host list contains the keyword CHOOSER, Indirect queries are not forwarded, but instead a host chooser dialog is displayed by & kdm;. The chooser will send a Direct query to each of the remaining host names in the list and offer a menu of all the hosts that respond. The host list may contain the keyword BROADCAST, to make the chooser send a Broadcast query as well; note that on some operating systems, UDP packets cannot be broadcast, so this feature will not work.
FontConfig must find the three fonts installed in: $KDEDIR / share/ fonts. If the & kde; install does not install these fonts in a directory that already exists (eg; / usr/ share/ fonts) then you must add this directory to the configuration file / etc/ fonts/ local. conf. This should be the first line after lt; fontconfiggt;. For example: & lt; fontconfiggt; & lt; dirgt; /usr/ kde3/ share/ fontslt; /dirgt; & lt; /fontconfiggt; After adding the directory, run (as root): fc-cache -v and check that it found the directory.
An invitation creates a one-time password that allows the receiver to connect to your desktop. It is valid for only one successful connection and will expire after an hour if it has not been used. When somebody connects to your computer a dialog will appear and ask you for permission. The connection will not be established before you accept it. In this dialog you can also restrict the other person to view your desktop only, without the ability to move your mouse pointer or press keys. If you want to create a permanent password for Desktop Sharing, allow'Uninvited Connections' in the configuration.
The last entry type is the LISTEN directive. The formal syntax is nbsp; LISTEN nbsp; [interface nbsp; [multicastnbsp; list]] If one or more LISTEN lines are specified, & kdm; listens for & XDMCP; requests only on the specified interfaces. interface may be a hostname or IP address representing a network interface on this machine, or the wildcard * to represent all available network interfaces. If multicast group addresses are listed on a LISTEN line, & kdm; joins the multicast groups on the given interface. For IPv6 multicasts, the IANA has assigned ff0 X :0:0:0:0:0:0:12b as the permanently assigned range of multicast addresses for & XDMCP;. The X in the prefix may be replaced by any valid scope identifier, such as 1 for Node-Local, 2 for Link-Local, 5 for Site-Local, and so on (see IETF RFC 2373 or its replacement for further details and scope definitions). & kdm; defaults to listening on the Link-Local scope address ff02:0:0:0:0:0:0:12b to most closely match the IPv4 subnet broadcast behavior. If no LISTEN lines are given, & kdm; listens on all interfaces and joins the default & XDMCP; IPv6 multicast group (when compiled with IPv6 support). To disable listening for & XDMCP; requests altogether, a LISTEN line with no addresses may be specified, but using the [Xdmcp] Enable option is preferred.
When you have selected an edit tool from the Work Toolbar (for example, the tool to insert classes) the mouse pointer changes to a cross, and you can insert the elements in your model by single clicking in your diagram. Note that elements in & UML; must have a Unique Name. So that if you have a class in one diagram whose name is ClassA and then you use the insert Class tool to insert a class into another diagram you cannot name this new class ClassA as well. If these two are supposed to be two different elements, you have to give them a unique name. If you are trying to add the same element to your diagram, then the Insert Class is not the right tool for that. You should drag and drop the class from the Tree View instead.
The INFO() function returns information about the current operating environment. Parameter type specifies what type of information you want to return. It is one of the following: "directory" returns the path of the current directory, "numfile" returns the number of active documents, "release" returns the version of KSpread as text, "recalc" returns the current recalculation mode: "Automatic" or "Manual", "system" returns the name of the operating environment, "osversion" returns the current operating system.
Move the mouse cursor over the border of the window (it is light blue in the screenshot above). The pointer will turn into a double-headed arrow. Click and drag, and the edge of the window follows the mouse cursor, making the window bigger or smaller. If you click on the borders on the top or bottom of the window, you can adjust the height on its own. If you click on the borders on the left or right of the window, you can adjust the width. To change both at the same time, move the mouse cursor over the corner of the window. When the pointer becomes a diagonal double-headed arrow, click and drag.
& kappname; is a simple editor for the raw data of files. The data is displayed in the traditional view with two columns: one with the numeric values and one with the assigned characters. Editing can be done both in the value column and the character column. Besides the usual editing capabilities & kappname; also brings a small set of tools, like a table listing decodings into common simple data types, a table listing all possible bytes with its' character and value equivalents, a info view with a statistic and a filter tool. All modifications to the data loaded can be endlessly undone or redone.
Sometimes a text is very strictly formatted, and contains columns that you always want to ignore, while there are other columns you want to preserve for analysis. In the following example the first five columns (characters) are ignored, the next ten columns are preserved, then again five columns are ignored and the rest of the line is preserved. sed's/..... \\(..........\\)..... \\(. *\\)/ \\1\\2/ 'Each dot'. 'matches any single character. The "\\1" and "\\2" in the replacement string refer to the matched text within the first and second pair of "\\(" and "\\)" denoting the text to be preserved.
Now you are presented with a text edit box where you can enter the code for you script object. Template code and some comments are already in place. It is important to make sure that your code is valid Python code. People familiar with Python will notice that we are actually defining a Python function called calc. It is therefore necessary to adhere to the Python rules for defining functions. For example, every line of the function should start with a Tab. The first line not starting with a tab ends the definition of the function.
The Equinoxes are important for marking the seasons. Because they are on the Ecliptic, the Sun passes through each equinox every year. When the Sun passes through the Vernal Equinox (usually on March 21st), it crosses the Celestial Equator from South to North, signifying the end of Winter for the Northern hemisphere. Similarly, when the Sun passes through the Autumnal Equinox (usually on September 21st), it crosses the Celestial Equator from North to South, signifying the end of Winter for the Southern hemisphere.
Service Manager This module allows you to have an overview of all plugins of the KDE Daemon, also referred to as KDE Services. Generally, there are two types of service: Services invoked at startup Services called on demand The latter are only listed for convenience. The startup services can be started and stopped. In Administrator mode, you can also define whether services should be loaded at startup. Use this with care: some services are vital for KDE; do not deactivate services if you do not know what you are doing.
Therefore the page accounting of & CUPS; is only an approximation (in many cases an excellent or at least good one, in others a quite poor one). The only reliable print count is the one done by the internal printer counter. (Because this is the one you pay for, if you are on a click price or similar.) Some, by far not most, printers can be queried remotely for that information via SNMP (Simple Network Management Protocol). That means, in a bigger network with many different printers there is just no completely reliable and accurate page accounting tool!
It is not practical to scroll through the full list of 2500 locations, looking for a specific city. To make searches easier, the list can be filtered by entering text in the boxes below the map. For example, in the screenshot, the text Ba appears in the City Filter box, while M has been entered in the Province Filter box, and USA is in the Country Filter box. Note that all of the cities displayed in the list have city, province, and country names that begin with the entered filter strings, and that the message below the filter boxes indicates that 7 cities are matched by the filters. Also notice that the dots representing these seven cities in the map have been colored white, while the unmatched cities remain gray.
The geographic location chosen to represent Universal Time is Greenwich, England. The choice is arbitrary and historical. Universal Time became an important concept when European ships began to sail the wide open seas, far from any known landmarks. A navigator could reckon the ship's longitude by comparing the Local Time (as measured from the Sun's position) to the time back at the home port (as kept by an accurate clock on board the ship). Greenwich was home to England's Royal Observatory, which was charged with keeping time very accurately, so that ships in port could re-calibrate their clocks before setting sail.
Welcome to KPhotoAlbum Import This wizard will take you through the steps of an import operation. The steps are: First you must select which images you want to import from the export file. You do so by selecting the checkbox next to the image. Next you must tell KPhotoAlbum in which directory to put the images. This directory must of course be below the directory root KPhotoAlbum uses for images. KPhotoAlbum will take care to avoid name clashes The next step is to specify which categories you want to import (People, Places,...) and also tell KPhotoAlbum how to match the categories from the file to your categories. Imagine you load from a file, where a category is called Blomst (which is the Danish word for flower), then you would likely want to match this with your category, which might be called Blume (which is the German word for flower) - of course given you are German. The final steps, is matching the individual tokens from the categories. I may call myself Jesper in my image database, while you want to call me by my full name, namely Jesper K. Pedersen. In this step non matches will be highlighted in red, so you can see which tokens was not found in your database, or which tokens was only a partial match.
Mail programs not listed here or on the homepage probably do not work with & kmail; as they use proprietary mail formats that & kmail; cannot understand. However, there is no harm in trying! If the mailbox file looks similar to the mbox format, try copying the mailbox file (remember, the index file is not needed) to your ~/ Mail folder and see what happens if you start & kmail;. If you get mailboxes from your favorite email client to work in & kmail;, please tell us how you did it so that we can include directions in a future revision of this documentation.
For many file formats, it is practical to use the filename to describe the contents of the file: Report for the board - June 2003. doc for example, may be all the information you need in order to find that file again. Trying to capture all the useful information about a particular song however, could lead to filenames like this: Type O Negative - The Glorious Liberation Of The Peoples Technocratic Republic Of Vinnland By The Combined Forces Of The United Territories Of Europa. mp3 or Various Artists_15_The Smithsonian Collection of Classic Jazz Volume II_Jimmie Lunceford & His Orchestra - Organ Grinder's Swing. mp3. These are neither very practical to use, nor do they contain all of the useful information that you might have collected about the song. Adding the album, and track number, for example, to the first would make it even longer and more unmanageable, while still not telling you at a glance the year it was released, or what style of music it is, if you're not familiar with the artist.
The tabbing environment provides a way to align text in columns. \\begin{tabbing} text \\= more text \\= still more text \\= last text\\\\ second row \\gt; \\gt; more\\\\ \\end{tabbing} Commands: \\= Sets a tab stop at the current position.\\ > Advances to the next tab stop. \\lt; Allows you to put something to the left of the local margin without changing the margin. Can only be used at the start of the line. \\+ Moves the left margin of the next and all the following commands one tab stop to the right \\- Moves the left margin of the next and all the following commands one tab stop to the left\\ 'Moves everything that you have typed so far in the current column to the right of the previous column, flush against the current column's tab stop.\\ ` Allows you to put text flush right against any tab stop, including tab stop 0 \\kill Sets tab stops without producing text. \\a In a tabbing environment, the commands \\=,\\' and\\ ` do not produce accents as normal. Instead, the commands \\a=, \\a 'and \\a ` are used.
& konsole; uses the notion of scrollback to allow user's to view previously displayed output. By default, scrollback is on and set to save 1000 lines of output in addition to what is currently displayed on the screen. As lines of text scroll off the top of the screen, they can be reviewed by moving the scroll bar upwards, scrolling with a mouse wheel or through the use of the Shift; Page Up (to move back a page), Shift; Page Down (to move forward a page), Shift; Up Arrow (to move up a line) and Shift; Down Arrow (to move down a line) keys.
Basically, everything you type in the command line will get executed (if you type "ls -l", "ls -l" gets executed). You have the possibility to get a character string from & krusader; which represents the current state of the panel. This is done using placeholders. A placeholder begins with a percent-sign ('%') and is followed by a panel indicator ('a 'for the active, 'o' for the other, 'l 'for the left and'r' for the right panel. If the placeholder does n't need a panel to operate on, you have to indicate this by an underscore ('_ ')). Then comes the name of the placeholder (see the list below), which may get some parameters enclosed in quotes. Finally, again the percent sign.
You have specified that your system's init scripts are located in the folder %1, but this folder does not exist. You probably selected the wrong distribution during configuration. If you reconfigure %2, it may be possible to fix the problem. If you choose to reconfigure, you should shut down the application and the configuration wizard will appear the next time %3 is run. If you choose not to reconfigure, you will not be able to view or edit your system's init configuration. Would you like to reconfigure %4?
The experiment in Tutorial 3 shows a disk and a box linked by a spring. A tracer (the blue one) is already on the box. You can add a second one: select Tracer in the Palette panel then click on the box on the point where you want the tracer to be. In the Properties panel, click on the color line and on the right of this line you can click on the blue square and a color palette appears: you can choose a new color for the tracer. The screenshot above shows two tracers after the simulation is run for a few seconds.
This tag will be replaced with the temporary filename of the cover, e. g. to insert the cover in the id3 v2.3 tag with LAME. The cover file will be created automatically by Audex. This tag has six properties: format defines the image format. Possible values are "PNG", "JPG" and "GIF" (Default: "JPG"). x (width) and y (height) can be used to resize the cover image. If these are not set, then size of the cover image will not be changed. usenocover if this is set to true then the image which is shown if no cover for the current album is set will be used. (Default: false.) preparam and postparam define parameters inserted before (pre) or behind (post) the filename of the temporary cover. These values are only shown if a cover set, or "usenocover" is set to "true". Examples: ${cover format="JPG "x="300" y="300 "preparam="-ti"} A filename of an JPG image with the size of 300x300 will be inserted. If no cover is set, this variable will be replaced by nothing, otherwise something like / tmp/ cover.123. jpg will be inserted. Note: LAME discards cover files larger than 128 KiB. Please bear this in mind, if you set the format and size.
As & digikam; uses your folders on your hard disk directly, other applications like file managers can remove any albums outside a & digikam; session. In this case & digikam; will tell you at the next session if all albums that have been removed from the & digikam; photographs root path shall be deleted from albums database. If you want to move folders around and do not want to do that in & digikam;, we suggest you do that while & digikam; is running, so the database will be kept in sync and you do not lose any metadata.
Present a list of possible execution speeds, consisting of: Full Speed, Slow, Slower, Slowest and Step-by-Step. When the execution speed is set to Full Speed (default) we can barely keep up with what is happening. Sometimes this behavior is wanted, but sometimes we want to keep track of the execution. In the latter case you want to set the execution speed to Slow, Slower or Slowest. When one of the slow modes is selected the current position of the executor will be shown in the editor. Step-by-Step will execute one command at a time.
For example, if your device is / dev/ st0, the non-rewinding version is / dev/ nst0. If your device name does not look like that, type "ls -l %1" in a terminal window to see the real name of your tape drive. Substitute that name for / dev/ nst0 below. Open a terminal window and type the following: tar tfv / dev/ nst0; tar tfv / dev/ nst0 tar xfv / dev/ nst0 The third call to "tar" will retrieve your data into your current directory. Please let us know if this happens to you. - KDat Maintenance Team
The current sorting criterion is indicated with an arrow next to the title; this gives you an easy sign which column is used for sorting, too. You have to make the column wide enough, though, so you can actually see the arrow; you can change the column width by moving the mouse pointer on the small area between two column titles: the pointer changes its appearance to two horizontal arrows; clicking and holding the & LMB; mouse button now allows you to change the width of the column to the left of the mouse pointer.
No Change If this option is checked, K3b will leave all spaces in filenames as they are. Strip If this option is checked, K3b will remove all spaces from all filenames. Example: 'my good file. ext 'becomes'mygoodfile. ext' Extended Strip If this option is checked K3b will remove all spaces in all filenames and capitalize all letters following a space. Example: 'my good file. ext 'becomes'myGoodFile. ext' Replace If this option is checked, K3b will replace all spaces in all filenames with the specified characters. Example: 'my good file. ext 'becomes'my_good_file. ext'
Each Koffice component comes with its own manual. These manuals offer all the latest information about the various components & koffice; has to offer and should be read to learn more about & koffice;. The application manuals can be accessed by using the documentation KIO Slave in & konqueror; (that is, typing help: / application into the Location toolbar) or by selecting the respective handbook from the & khelpcenter;. The website is also a good place to find out more; it is at http: / /www. koffice. org.
Adding a random signature, just like the daily signature, is pretty straight forward. Open & kmail; by pressing Alt; F2. Enter kmail in the text box and then press Run. Once inside & kmail;, go to Settings Configure KMail.... In the Identities selection, highlight the identity to add the signature to and then press the Modify... button on the right-hand side of the window. Select the Signature tab. Check the Enable signature box. From the Obtain signature text from drop down, select Output of Command. In the Specify command text box, enter ksig --random and then press the OK button.
You can change the order of accounts & kopete; tries to message people with by using the Up and Down arrows in the bottom right corner of the account configuration screen. & kopete; will try to connect with accounts starting from the top. However, if one service has a higher status value than the others for that user, & kopete; will use that one. For example, if a person has three services and two are marked as away and the third is marked as online, & kopete; will always try to message the user using the online service.
If you know the nickname which the user uses on, for example, IRC, go to & kopete;. Go to File Add contact. In the wizard, select the checkbox at the bottom called Use the KDE address book for this contact and choose Next. Select the right Address Book entry for that contact and press Next. Now you can set the display name and the group it belongs to for & kopete;. In the next screen select which protocol should be used if you have set up more than one protocol. You can select more than one protocol. After that, depending on the protocol, there will be some other questions, which you can answer as you like.
%y\t2-digit year excluding century (00 - 99) %Y\tfull year number%: m\tmonth number, without leading zero (1 - 12) %m\tmonth number, 2 digits (01 - 12) %b\tabbreviated month name %B\tfull month name %e\tday of the month (1 - 31) %d\tday of the month, 2 digits (01 - 31) %a\tabbreviated weekday name %A\tfull weekday name %H\thour in the 24 hour clock, 2 digits (00 - 23) %k\thour in the 24 hour clock, without leading zero (0 - 23) %I\thour in the 12 hour clock, 2 digits (01 - 12) %l\thour in the 12 hour clock, without leading zero (1 - 12) %M\tminute, 2 digits (00 - 59) %S\tseconds (00 - 59) %P\t"am "or" pm "%p\t"AM" or "PM"
In Brazilian Portuguese, Catalan, Spanish and Portuguese, the accented vowels can be discovered when you type the non accented corresponding vowel. For example, all the accented a are displayed in the word when you type a. This is when Type accented letters on the Languages page of & khangman; 's configuration dialog is not checked. When Type accented letters is checked, then you have to type the accented letters yourself. When you type a, only a is displayed and you have to type for example & atilde; for this letter to be displayed.
Every picture on a physical medium is composed of a pattern of discrete dots in different colors and (maybe) sizes. This is called a "raster image". This is as opposed to a "vector image" where the graphic is described in terms of continuous curves, shades, forms and filled areas, represented by mathematical formula. Vector images normally have a smaller file size and may be scaled in size without any loss of information and quality --- but they cannot be output directly, but always have to be "rendered" or "rasterized" first to the given resolution that the output device is capable of... The rasterization is done by a Raster Image Processor (RIP, often the Ghostscript software) or some other filtering instance.
Appearance options can be found in the in the context menu. To get exact size proportions, choose'Hide incorrect borders'. As this mode can be very time consuming, you may want to limit the maximum drawn nesting level before. 'Best 'determinates the split direction for children from the aspect ratio of the parent. 'Always Best' decides on remaining space for each sibling. 'Ignore Proportions' takes space for function name drawing before drawing children. Note that size proportions can get heavily wrong. This is a TreeMap widget. Keyboard navigation is available with the left/ right arrow keys for traversing siblings, and up/ down arrow keys to go a nesting level up/ down. Return activates the current item.
& kde; also brings to the forefront many innovations for application developers. An entire infrastructure has been designed and implemented to help programmers create robust and comprehensive applications in the most efficient manner, eliminating the complexity and tediousness of general & UNIX; application development. & kde; recognizes the fact that a computing platform is only as good as the first class applications available to users. & kde; apos; s application framework, implements the latest advances in framework technology positioning it in direct competition with popular development frameworks like Microsoft's MFC / COM / ActiveX technology etc. & kde; apos; s innovative KParts compound document technology enables developers to quickly create first rate applications using cutting edge technology.
There are three situations when & kstars; must redraw the sky display very rapidly: when a new focus position is selected (and Use animated slewing is checked), when the sky is dragged with the mouse, and when the time step is large. In these situations, the positions of all objects must be recomputed as rapidly as possible, which can put a large load on the CPU. If the CPU cannot keep up with the demand, then the display will seem sluggish or jerky. To mitigate this, & kstars; will hide certain objects during these rapid-redraw situations, as long as the Hide objects while moving checkbox is selected. The timestep threshold above which objects will be hidden is determined by the Also hide if timescale greater than: timestep-spinbox. You can specify the objects that should be hidden in the Configure Hidden Objects group box.
If you press the Create Patch... button, you get a dialog in which you can set the format options for generating a file containing all the modifications between the two marked revisions which are shown. If you mark revision & quot; Aquot;, but not revision & quot; Bquot;, & cervisia; will generate the modifications between the file version marked as revision & quot; Aquot; and the working copy version of the file. This allows you to generate a patch, or difference file, between your version of the file and any version available in & CVS;. After configuring the format of the patch in the dialog, and pressing OK, a cvs diff command is issued to generate the difference file. A Save As dialog will pop up. Enter the file name and location of the patch file & cervisia; generated, in order to save it. You can get more information about creating patches, and the patch format options in.
You can specify to encrypt the data also with the KMyMoney recover key. Only the core KMyMoney developers are in posession of the respective private key required to read back such encrypted data. This mechanism is provided for the case that you have lost your key and cannot access your data anymore. With this option activated, the KMyMoney developers can decrypt the data and supply you with it in a readable form. Please be prepared, that you have to answer a few detailed questions about the contents of your data before we will send it out..
Insecure locks This option tells the NFS server not to require authentication of locking requests (i. e. requests which use the NLM protocol). Normally the NFS server will require a lock request to hold a credential for a user who has read access to the file. With this flag no access checks will be performed. Early NFS client implementations did not send credentials with lock requests, and many current NFS clients still exist which are based on the old implementations. Use this flag if you find that you can only lock files which are world readable.
Conditional inclusion: These patterns make it possible to selectively include texts, depending on the value of CDDB entries. You can choose only to include or exclude texts if one of the entries is empty, or if it has a specific value. Examples: @T{TEXT} includes TEXT if the album title is specified! T{TEXT} includes TEXT if the album title is not specified@C='Soundtrack'{TEXT} includes TEXT if the CD's extended information is named Soundtrack! C='Soundtrack'{TEXT} includes TEXT if the CD's extended information is anything else but SoundtrackIt is also possible to include special strings in texts and conditions, e. g.! a='%A'{%a} only includes the title's artist information if it does not differ from the album artist. Conditional includes make use of the same characters as the special strings, which means that the X in @X{...} can be one character out of [atnycgATCd].
For each equal or different section the editor in the merge result window remembers where it begins or ends. "lt; No src linegt;" means that there is nothing left in a section, not even a new line character. This can happen either while merging automatically or by editing. This is no problem, since this hint wo n't appear in the saved file. If you want the original source back just select the section (click on the left summary column) and then click the source button with the needed contents (A/ B or C).
The input line is where you type messages to be sent the channel, query, or server. A message sent to a channel is seen by everyone on the channel, whereas a message in a query is sent only to the person in the query with you. To automatically complete the nickname you began typing, press Tab. If you have not begun typing, the last successfully completed nickname will be used. You can also send special commands: / me action shows up as an action in the channel or query. For example: / me sings a song will show up in the channel as'Nick sings a song '. / whois nickname shows information about this person, including what channels they are in. For more commands, see the Konversation Handbook. A message cannot contain multiple lines.
is a reference guide to some & kde; features which will be useful to administrators setting up multi-user systems. This part also has information that may be useful to & kde; users with single-user systems: where configuration files are stored, what environment variables affect & kde;, and so on. The KIOSK framework is the & kde; system which allows administrators to limit what users can do in & kde;. It is potentially useful in many situations, but especially for running single-function kiosks with, for example, just a web browser, hence the name.
kprinter is the new powerful print utility that is natively used by all & kde; applications. Contrary to some common misconceptions, kprinter is not a & CUPS; -only tool, but supports different print subsystems. You can even switch to a different print subsystem "on the fly", in between two jobs, without re-configuration. Of course, due to the powerful features of & CUPS;, kprinter is best suited for use with a & CUPS; frontend. kprinter is the successor to "qtcups", which is no longer being actively maintained. It has inherited all the best features of qtcups and added several new ones. MOST IMPORTANT: you can use kprinter with all its features in all non-kde; applications that allow a customized print command, like gv, Acrobat Reader, Netscape, Mozilla, Galeon, StarOffice, OpenOffice and all GNOME programs. kprinter can act as a "standalone" utility, started from an X-Terminal or a "Mini-CLI" to print many different files, from different folders, with different formats, in one job and simultaneously, without the need to first open the files in the applications! (File formats supported this way are & PostScript;, PDF, International and ASCII Text, as well as many different popular graphic formats, such as PNG, TIFF, JPEG, PNM, Sun RASTER, & etc;)
Go to the top of the central ladder and work on the left side first. Fall onto ledge with gold. Outwit enemy to run through fake brick below ladder. While falling, dig left; run up ladder to gap and wait for enemy to fall in, escape, and fall in again to your dug brick; run up and left on pole, fall onto ledge while digging left, fall left, get gold, go right and fall into chamber while enemy spawns; get gold. You can dig into bottom chamber if you wish here. The other chambers are all accessible by dropping through fake brick tunnels. Dodge the enemies or fall on them to get the gold. To reach the right hand side, fall down the fake brick tunnel next to the central ladder and run fast to the right, digging behind you to trap the enemies. Collect the gold by going to the top and dropping through fake brick tunnels to the right of each piece.
Once you have your favourite codec(s) installed, open & kcontrolcenter; and navigate your way to Sound & Multimedia Audio CDs and configure the settings on the various tabs to your liking. You can leave everything in the default state if you so wish, but it's helpful to take a look so you at least know what's on offer. Again, take a look at Sound & Multimedia CDDB Retrieval and change anything that's not to your liking. CDDB, in case you did n't know, stands for CD DataBase (or Compact Disc DataBase in its more free flowing form). This functionality enables & kde; to retrieve the Artist/ Album/ Track information about your CDs from the Internet. This metadata is also used to write tags to the MP3 or Ogg files that you'll be encoding your CDs to anytime now.
Here you can add the extensions of image files (including RAW files) to be displayed in the Album view. Just put "xyz abc" to display files with the xyz and abc extensions in your Album view. You can also remove file formats that are shown by default by putting a minus sign in front of the extension: e. g. "-gif" would remove all GIF files from your Album view and any trace of them in your database. They would not be deleted, just not shown in digiKam. Warning: Removing files from the database means losing all of their tags and ratings.
& appname; supports twelve specific collection types by default: books, bibliographic entries, comic books, videos, music, video games, trading cards, coins, stamps, wines, board games, and file catalogs. In addition, an empty generic collection template is available for any other collectibles. The default collections are only meant to include a general set of fields. You should add, modify, or delete them to fit your needs. The only requirement is that a collection should always have a Title field, so that the Group View works correctly. For some collection types, that is just a derived value field combining two or more of the others.
& kbookmarkmerger; is a program for merging a given set of bookmarks into the user's set of bookmarks; if the user does n't have any bookmarks created yet, a new bookmark list is created and the given bookmarks are inserted into it. While doing this, & kbookmarkmerger; keeps track of which files were merged in a previous run already, so no bookmark will get installed to the user's bookmarks more than once. In case & kde; is running while & kbookmarkmerger; is executed, the & kde; bookmark subsystem will be informed of any changes to the user's bookmarks, so that all applications accessing that information (ie; & konqueror;) will pick the changes up instantly.
The & krusader; Main Toolbar, is a standard & kde; toolbar that can be dragged around the application or configured via a Right-Click menu. You can decide whether or not you want to display it each time you start & krusader; in the Konfigurator Startup page, and you can toggle its use in the current session in the Settings menu. The Main Toolbar contents can be configured from the Configure Toolbars in the Settings menu or the Toolbar tab in the Konfigurator Look & Feel page. Since various commands and options in & krusader; are context-dependent, some commands are not always available. The icon of an inappropriate or inactive action will be deactivated (grayed-out) disabling its use. Bookmarks can be placed into the Main Toolbar and the Actions Toolbar with the mouse using "drag and drop".
The process of UBV photometry involves using light sensitive devices (such as film or CCD cameras) and aiming a telescope at a star to measure the intensity of light that passes through each of the filters individually. This procedure gives three apparent brightnesses or fluxes (amount of energy per cm^2 per second) designated by Fu, Fb, and Fv. The ratio of fluxes Fu/ Fb and Fb/ Fv is a quantitative measure of the star's "color", and these ratios can be used to establish a temperature scale for stars. Generally speaking, the larger the Fu/ Fb and Fb/ Fv ratios of a star, the hotter its surface temperature.
Even though comparing and merging directories seems to be quite obvious, there are several details that you should know about. Most important is of course the fact that now many files might be affected by each operation. If you do n't have backups of your original data, then it can be very hard or even impossible to return to the original state. So before starting a merge, make sure that your data is safe, and going back is possible. If you make an archive or use some version control system is your decision, but even experienced programmers and integrators need the old sources now and then. And note that even though I (the author of & kdiff3;) try to do my best, I ca n't guarantee that there are no bugs. According to the GNU-GPL there is NO WARRANTY whatsoever for this program. So be humble and always keep in mind:
Peter W. composed this in 1985. Do you see the prophetic letters GR? Spooky! When you collect the row of gold at bottom left, wait there and the first enemy will obligingly fall into the pit above you. When you move over to the right side, collect all nuggets except the three hanging under a ladder. Leave them till last. To get the gold above the trapped enemy, climb the ladder, dig down four bricks, wait till they start to re-appear, then dig one more, climb back up, re-dig the first two and the way will be clear to fall in, collect the gold and escape over the enemy's head. When you release the enemy, retreat quickly to where you can trap and kill him. After one or two tries he will re-appear harmlessly over on the left.
For sequential code, collecting statistical data of the programs runtime characteristic like time numbers spent in functions and code lines usually is enough. This is called Profiling. The program is run under control of a profiling tool, which gives the summary of an execution run at the end. In contrast, for parallel code, performance problems typically are caused when one processor is waiting for data from another. As this waiting time usually cannot easily attributed, here it is better to generate timestamped event traces. & kcachegrind; cannot visualize this kind of data.
& kiriki; is an addictive and fun dice game for & kde;, designed to be played by as many as six players. Participants have to collect points by rolling five dice for up to three times per single turn. Each roll generates a specific combination of numbers which the player is free to either accept or decline. However, each specific combination of numbers can be accepted only once. After thirteen turns the game ends and the scores are compared. The player with the largest amount of points wins the game.
AAMOF: as a matter of fact AFAIK: as far as I know AISE: as I see it BFN: bye for now BION: believe it or not BRB: be right back BTW: by the way CMIIW: correct me if I am wrong FUD: fear, uncertainty, and doubt FWIW: for what it's worth FYI: for your information HTH: hope this helps IIRC: if I recall correctly IMHO: in my humble opinion LOL: laughing out loud MYOB: mind your own business PITA: pain in the ass ROTFL: rolling on the floor laughing RTFM: read the fine manual SOP: standard operating procedure TIA: thanks in advance YMMV: your mileage may vary
Importing a project (as a new module) has some advantages: you will import all files and folders recursively, and the module will automatically be created for you. This makes importing large existing projects to the repository easier. However, there are some disadvantages: you cannot use & cervisia; 's import dialog to add files to existing modules, and you can either import the files as text or binary files. You can work around this limitation by creating a folder with files of only one of the types, or by informing the patterns of the files that should be ignored during the import process.
Call Graph around active Function Depending on configuration, this view shows the call graph environment of the active function. Note: the shown cost is only the cost which is spent while the active function was actually running; i. e. the cost shown for main() - if it is visible - should be the same as the cost of the active function, as that is the part of inclusive cost of main() spent while the active function was running. For cycles, blue call arrows indicate that this is an artificial call added for correct drawing which actually never happened. If the graph is larger than the widget area, an overview panner is shown in one edge. There are similar visualization options to the Call Treemap; the selected function is highlighted.
Output Settings: Here you can determine the number of copies, the output order and the collate mode for the pages of your print job. (Note, that the maximum number of copies allowed to print may be restricted by your print subsystem.) The'Copies' setting defaults to 1. Additional hint for power users: This KDEPrint GUI element corresponds to the CUPS command line job option parameter: -o copies=... # examples: "5" or "42" -o outputorder=... # example: "reverse" -o Collate=... # example: "true" or "false".
The splash screen is the animated image or screen that is displayed while & kde; loads after you log in. Each user can have a different splash screen. Changing the splash screen for the current user can be done in the Splash Screen module of the & kcontrolcenter;. Select the splash screen you want to use and click on Apply. You can also test what a splash screen will look like by selecting the splash screen and clicking on Test. Installing a new splash theme is very easy. Just click on Add... and browse to the splash screen archive you want to add. There is no need to extract the contents of the archive. Removing splash screens is also easily done by selecting the splash screen and clicking on Remove. Note that you cannot remove splash screens installed by the administrator (root) or by your distribution's package manager.
First, select the type of collection that you are importing. If you are appending or merging to your open collection, the type is limited to your current collection type. If the first line of the CSV file contains the field titles, click the check box and the importer will automatically compare the titles against the fields in the current collection. If a field title matches, the header for that column changes to show that the column has been assigned to that field. If the file uses a delimiter other than a comma, be sure to change that option accordingly.
Enter here the Subject Reference Number. Provides a numeric code to indicate the Subject Name plus optional Subject Matter and Subject Detail Names in the language of the service. Subject Reference is a number from the range 01000000 to 17999999 and represent a language independent international reference to a Subject. A Subject is identified by its Reference Number and corresponding Names taken from a standard lists given by XMP/ NAA. If a standard reference code is used, these lists are the English language reference versions. This field is limited to 8 digit code.
In order for & appname; to properly import the file, it must know which field corresponds to each column. If the column only has a number in the header, the data in that column will not be imported. You should assign fields to each column by selecting a column, either by clicking in it or changing the column number itself, then selecting the field to assign from the drop down box and clicking the Assign Field button. If you need to add a new field to the collection, the last item in the drop down box opens the Collection Fields Dialog.
An Erlenmeyer flask, named after the chemist Emil Erlenmeyer (1825-1909), is different to a beaker in that it comes with an inverted conical base and a cylindrical neck. There are different types of Erlenmeyer flasks for laboratory applications: the narrow neck and wide neck forms. Depending on the application the flask may have precision grinding to allow good connection to other containers. \t\t\t \t\t\tThe narrow neck reduces the risk of fluid escaping, especially when boiling or during reactions which agitate the contents. \t\t\t \t\t\tAn Erlenmeyer flask is useful for mixing fluids or accelerating reactions by stirring or shaking, for example. The Erlenmeyer flask is particularly suited for a magnetic stirrer, since it can be placed directly on the stirring platform. A round-bottomed flask, by contrast, must be placed on a cork ring on the stirring platform.
Here are all possible comparing operators: Types of questions A == B equals answer is true if A equals B A! = B not-equals answer is true if A does not equal B A & gt; B greater than answer is true if A is greater than B A & lt; B smaller than answer is true if A is smaller than B A & gt; = B greater than or equals answer is true if A is greater than or equals B A & lt; = B smaller than or equals answer is true if A is smaller than or equals B Please note that A and B have to be numbers and variables that contain numbers.
Two hints: if you wait on one of the left two ladders one rung below the piece of gold suspended between the two ladders, the enemies in the middle will jump into the base of the 5. This should allow you to easily get the gold between the 1 and the 5. Second, if you wait on the base of the 1 to the right of the one, the enemies on the right of the two ladders to the left of the 1 will jump off the pole onto the other half of the base of the 1. If you wait high up between the 1 and the 5, then jump to the base of the 1, while the enemies are falling toward the base of the 1 you will be able to rush up the ladder to the left of the 1 and get the gold to the left of the 1.
This list should show the types of file that your application can handle. This list is organized by mimetypes. MIME, Multipurpose Internet (e)Mail Extension, is a standard protocol for identifying the type of data based on filename extensions and correspondent mimetypes. Example: the "bmp" part that comes after the dot in flower. bmp indicates that it is a specific kind of image, image/ x-bmp. To know which application should open each type of file, the system should be informed about the abilities of each application to handle these extensions and mimetypes. If you want to associate this application with one or more mimetypes that are not in this list, click on the button Add below. If there are one or more filetypes that this application cannot handle, you may want to remove them from the list clicking on the button Remove below.
In & juk; 2.2, the cover for a track was strictly tied to its Artist and Album information. Although this proved useful enough, and had a few advantages, it was n't a great way to organize the covers. If you wanted to use a cover for a different track, you either had to rename the tags in the track, or you had to duplicate the cover, wasting hard disk space. And if your track had no Artist or Album information, & juk; would prevent you from setting a cover since it had no information to go by. It worked, but it could be better.
Pattern special strings: The following strings will be replaced with their respective meaning in every track name. MeaningAlternatives%ttitle number%{t} or %{title_number}%ivolume id (mostly the name of the Video DVD)%{i} or %{volume_id}%bbeautified volume id%{b} or %{beautified_volume_id}%ltwo chars language code%{l} or %{lang_code}%nlanguage name%{n} or %{lang_name}%aaudio format (on the Video DVD)%{a} or %{audio_format}%cnumber of audio channels (on the Video DVD)%{c} or %{channels}%vsize of the original video%{v} or %{orig_video_size}%ssize of the resulting video (Caution: auto-clipping values are not taken into account. )%{s} or %{video_size}%raspect ratio of the original video%{r} or %{aspect_ratio}%dcurrent date%{d} or %{date}Hint: K3b also accepts slight variations of the long special strings. One can, for example, leave out the underscores.
Implicit classes (ImplicitClasses) Whether or not to use implicit classes. Printer classes can be specified explicitly in the classes. conf file, implicitly based upon the printers available on the LAN, or both. When ImplicitClasses is On, printers on the LAN with the same name (e. g. Acme-LaserPrint-1000) will be put into a class with the same name. This allows you to setup multiple redundant queues on a LAN without a lot of administrative difficulties. If a user sends a job to Acme-LaserPrint-1000, the job will go to the first available queue. Enabled by default.
The status bar provides a summary of the current source and destination file or folder under comparison. The status bar also reports the number of changes found in the current document and counts the differences that have been applied. Furthermore, the status bar shows the overall number of documents containing differences and the current document number selected from this set. For example, a comparison run over two folders may return 1890 files with differences. The currently selected document is number 18 of 1890.
& kguitar; supports multiple tabulature storage formats and various options for importing/ exporting. Do n't seek a separate import/ export menu items, all such operations are done from normal File Open and File Save menus - just select the file format you want. If conversion requires special options, you'll be presented with a separate conversion dialog. This is exactly the same dialog as the one that appears in & kguitar; settings menu (Settings Configure KGuitar). If you do n't want this dialog to appear every time and just want to accept default values (which are saved, by the way), you can uncheck the Show this dialog in conversion process. Then, if you'll ever need to change it, it will be accessible in Settings Configure KGuitar dialog.
& umbrello; is a & UML; modelling tool, and as such its main purpose is to help you in the analysis and design of your systems. However, to make the transition between your design and your implementation, & umbrello; allows you to generate source code in different programming languages to get you started. Also, if you want to start using & UML; in an already started C++ project, & umbrello; can help you create a model of your system from the source code by analysing your source code and importing the classes found in it.
This is the reference for & kturtle; 's & turtlescript;. In the first section of this chapter have a look at some aspects of the grammar of & turtlescript; programs. The second section deals exclusively with mathematical operators, boolean (true/ false) operators and comparison operators. The third section is basically a giant list of all commands explaining them one-by-one. Section four explains how to assign values to variables. Finally we explain how to arrange the execution of commands with execution controlling statements in section five and how to create you own commands with learn in section six.
When changes are made to JPEG files and they are saved back to the hard disk the JPEG file must be re-encoded. Each time a JPEG file is encoded a decision must be made on the level of quality that is to be applied. Unfortunately the level of quality applied is not recorded in the image file. This means that the Image Editor cannot use the same quality ratio when saving an altered image as was used for the original image. You can change the default level of quality that the Image Editor will apply when it saves altered images by moving the JPEG quality slider (1: low quality / 100: high quality and no compression).
No you can not get rid of them. The local folders function as a fallback when the & imap; server is unreachable. Although you only use & imap;, & kmail; uses the outbox for sending the messages. If we hide all local folders you wo n't be able to fix messages in the outbox which can not be send for some reason. But it is possible to keep the local folders collapsed. What you have to do is go to Settings Configure & kmail;... and go to the section Misc, there you can setup the folder on startup. If you change that to a folder on the & imap; account, the Local Folders will stay collapsed when & kmail; starts.
'Use any current or future standard CUPS job option 'is not supported by the KDEPrint GUI. Control any custom job option you may want to support using custom CUPS filters and backends plugged into the CUPS filtering chain. Send short messages to the operators of your production printers in your Central Repro Department. Standard CUPS job options: A complete list of standard CUPS job options is in the CUPS User Manual. Mappings of the kprinter user interface widgets to respective CUPS job option names are provided in the various What's This help items. Custom CUPS job options: CUPS print servers may be customized with additional print filters and backends which understand custom job options. You can specify such custom job options here. If in doubt, ask your system administrator. Operator Messages: You may send additional messages to the operator(s) of your production printers (e. g. in your Central Repro Department). Messages can be read by the operator(s) (or yourself) by viewing the "Job IPP Report" for the job. Examples: A standard CUPS job option: (Name) number-up -- (Value) 9 A job option for custom CUPS filters or backends: (Name) DANKA_watermark -- (Value) Company_Confidential A message to the operator(s): (Name) Deliver_after_completion -- (Value) to_Marketing_Departm. Note: the fields must not include spaces, tabs or quotes. You may need to double-click on a field to edit it. Warning: Do not use CUPS options that can also be controlled through the KDEPrint GUI. Results may be unpredictable if the options conflict, or if they are sent multiple times. For all options supported by the GUI, please use the GUI. (Each GUI element's'What's This' names the related CUPS option name.)
A standard line for a & kde; application looks like this: foo... %i %m -caption \\"%c\\ ". Pretty confusing, -but it has been designed in that way so that it can integrate legacy, non-kde; applications as smoothly as possible. & konqueror;, when executing the line above, will extend the command to foo -icon something. png -miniicon something_mini. png -caption \\"The Foo\\". Both the icon and the mini-icon as well as "The Foo" are properties defined in the. desktop file. If the icons are not defined, they simply default to the executable name foo.
& kmplot; deals with named functions, which can be specified in terms of Cartesian coordinates (called explicit functions), polar coordinates or as parametric functions. To enter a function, choose Plot Edit Plots.... You can also enter new functions in the Function equation text box in the main & kmplot; window. The text box can handle explicit and polar functions. Each function you enter must have a unique name (ie;, a name that is not taken by any of the existing functions displayed in the list box). A function name will be automatically generated if you do not specify one.
Another way of moving a toolbar is by positioning the mouse pointer over the two vertical bars at the left end of each toolbar and holding the left mouse button down while you drag the toolbar to the wanted position. When you drag the toolbar in this way you can release the mouse button when it is some distance from any of & kspread; 's window sides, and then you will get a floating toolbar, which is not locked to any particular part of & kspread; 's window and can in fact be moved outside of the window. To put a floating toolbar back into one of the traditional positions right click on its titlebar to bring up the Toolbar Menu then choose one of the options in the Orientation sub menu.
The photograph is rotated without loss of quality and the orientation information is set to normal, so that other EXIF-aware applications will handle it correctly. To use this feature, right-click on the thumbnail and select Image Auto Rotate/ Flip Using EXIF Information. The Camera Tool can perform this operation automatically when it uploads the photographs from your camera which will ensure that your photographs are always the right way up. The rotate operation will do nothing if your camera does not include this information in the photos.
Okular could not locate the program'dvipdfm 'on your computer. This program is essential for the export function to work. You can, however, convert the DVI-file to PDF using the print function of Okular, but that will often produce documents which print okay, but are of inferior quality if viewed in Acrobat Reader. It may be wise to upgrade to a more recent version of your TeX distribution which includes the'dvipdfm' program. Hint to the perplexed system administrator: Okular uses the PATH environment variable when looking for programs.
If you are using & Netscape; 4. x, the mail files should be found in ~/ nsmail; if you are using & Netscape; 6. x, they're buried in a folder deep in the ~/. mozilla subfolder, something like: / home/ user_name/. mozilla/ user_name/ 2ts1ixha. slt/ Mail/ Mail/ server_name (the 2ts1ixha. slt string will probably vary, so check it on your own system.) The [... ]/ Mail/ Mail folder contains one subfolder for each account from which you receive mail through Netscape (eg; [... ]/ Mail/ Mail/ math. university. edu); you will need to copy files from each of them if you want everything to be accessible under & kmail;.
There are a few ways to add curves to the plot. The simplest way to add the curve of an existing object is to simply type its name in the Name input field, and press Enter, or the Plot button. If the text you enter is found in the object database, the object's curve is added to the graph. You can also press the Browse button to open the Find Object Window to select an object from the list of known objects. If you want to add a point that does not exist in the object database, simply enter a name for the point, and then fill in the coordinates in the RA and Dec input fields. Then press the Plot button to add the curve for your custom object to the plot (note that you have to pick a name that does not already exist in the object database for this to work).
This option forces a specific DPI value for fonts. It may be useful when the real DPI of the hardware is not detected properly and it is also often misused when poor quality fonts are used that do not look well with DPI values other than 96 or 120 DPI. The use of this option is generally discouraged. For selecting proper DPI value a better option is explicitly configuring it for the whole X server if possible (e. g. DisplaySize in xorg. conf or adding -dpi value to ServerLocalArgs= in $KDEDIR/ share/ config/ kdm/ kdmrc). When fonts do not render properly with real DPI value better fonts should be used or configuration of font hinting should be checked.
Set the timescale for the simulation clock. A setting of "1 sec" means the clock advances in real-time, keeping up perfectly with your CPU clock. Higher values make the simulation clock run faster, lower values make it run slower. Negative values make it run backwards. There are two pairs of up/ down buttons. The left pair will cycle through all available timesteps in sequence. Since there are a large number of timesteps, the right pair is provided to skip to the next higher/ lower unit of time. For example, if the timescale is currently "1 min", the right up button will make it "1 hour", and the right down button will make it "1 sec"
This may seem to be a rather strange way of doing a copy, but 99 percent of the time it is exactly what is wanted (if it is not then see the section about absolute cell references). For example in the simple shopping list shown below, cell D2 should contain =B2 * C2, D3 should be =B3 * C3, D4 should be =B4 * C4 and so on. Instead of having to enter a different formula in each cell, you can just enter the first formula into D2 and then copy it into the cells below, letting & kspread; adjust the cell references to suit.
Set this to path of a folder with structure similar to Root Folder. On each translation file open, a corresponding file in Alternate translations directory will be looked up and, if it is found, it will be used for Alternate Translations view. You will likely want to use translations of another target language (i. e. another subproject), which is close to yours. Also, you can use other subproject's translations either immediately, or have them pretranslated to your language by machine. See documentation for more details.
The Virtual file systems (VFS) allows you to browse archives as if it was a directory. Currently & krusader; supports the following archives types: ace, arj, bzip2, deb, gzip, iso, lha, rar, rpm, tar, zip and 7-zip and supports the following passworded archives: arj, ace, rar and zip. Passwords can be stored in Kwallet. Please note that the archive support first needs to be properly configured in Konfigurator. To open the archive, use & Enter;, (double-)click or the Right Arrow. & krusader; supports also hidden archives, these are renamed archives with a *wrong* extension, e. g. OpenOffice uses zip archives with the following extensions: odt, sxw and odw. & Enter; will open the OpenOffice document and the Right Arrow will open the archive. Another example is J2EE, where the jar extension means a zip archive. Since & krusader; auto-detects the supported archive types, it will open with Right Arrow even if it has another mime type. Please note that browsing archives has a few limitations:
Usually, you click on the Bookmark button when you are in the target folder. For example, to bookmark / usr/ tmp, navigate & krusader; there and click the Bookmark button and select Bookmark Current. When the Bookmark Current dialog box appears, the & URL; line will say / usr/ tmp. Name is for the name you would like to give to the bookmark (e. g.: temporary folder). Hotkeys are supported by adding amp; to the bookmark name e. g. amp; sourceforge, & home, downamp; loads & etc;, so you can quickly call the bookmark name with Alt; foo. If you add the bookmark without entering a name, the bookmarks name will be the same as its target. URL is where the bookmark points to. Create in creates bookmark folders for organizing your bookmarks.
Set Pen Width for HP-GL (if not defined in file). The pen width value can be set here in case the original HP-GL file does not have it set. The pen width specifies the value in micrometers. The default value of 1000 produces lines that are 1000 micrometers == 1 millimeter in width. Specifying a pen width of 0 produces lines that are exactly 1 pixel wide. Note: The pen width option set here is ignored if the pen widths are set inside the plot file itself. Additional hint for power users: This KDEPrint GUI element corresponds to the CUPS command line job option parameter: -o penwidth=... # example: "2000" or "500"
When you move the mouse over & kruler;, your cursor will turn into an elongated arrow, with a circle at one end. As you move the cursor, & kruler; will display how far from the point marked 0 the circle on the end of the cursor currently is. & kruler; will also display the & HTML; color code of the color currently under the circle. This is very useful for picking out colors from an image. If you move the mouse far enough that the arrow cursor is no longer touching & kruler;, the cursor will revert to normal, allowing you to carry on working with your other applications.
& kiriki; score board is divided into fourteen different lines. Each line holds a single score pattern and the players' score earned for a roll matching the pattern. The score pattern of each line is calculated as follows: 1s: Sum of all dice valued  1. Example: Dice on display: '14112 '. The sum is: '3'='1'+'1'+'1'. Dice on display: '51111 '. The sum is: '4'='1'+'1'+'1'+'1'. 2s: Sum of all dice valued 2. Example: Dice on display: '22422 '. The sum is: '8'='2'+'2'+'2'+'2'. Dice on display: '42322 '. The sum is: '6'='2'+'2'+'2'. 3s: Sum of all dice valued 3 . Example: Dice on display: '34132 '. The sum is: '6'='3'+'3'. Dice on display: '33333 '. The sum is: '15'='3'+'3'+'3'+'3'+'3'. 4s: Sum of all dice valued  4. Example: Dice on display: '14142 '. The sum is: '8'='4'+'4'. Dice on display: '41414 '. The sum is: '12'='4'+'4'+'4'. 5s: Sum of all dice valued 5 . Example: Dice on display: '15155 '. The sum is: '15'='5'+'5'+'5'. Dice on display: '51555 '. The sum is: '20'='5'+'5'+'5'+'5'. 6s: Sum of all dice valued  6. Example: Dice on display: '66616 '. The sum is: '24'='6'+'6'+'6'+'6'. Dice on display: '61616 '. The sum is: '18'='6'+'6'+'6'. Bonus if > 62: Player is awarded an additional 35 points if the summarized value of all the field above is greater than 62 points. Upper Total: It is not a playable field, but only a summary of all the fields above. 3 of a Kind: Summarized value of dice when three of the dice are bearing the same value. Example: Dice on display: '14121 '. The sum is: '9'='1'+'1'+'1'+'4'+'2'. Dice on display: '55151 '. The sum is: '17'='5'+'5'+'5'+'1'+'1'. 4 of a Kind: Summarized value of dice when four of the dice are bearing the same value. Example: Dice on display: '41444 '. The sum is: '17'='4'+'4'+'4'+'4'+'1'. Dice on display: '22522 '. The sum is: '13'='2'+'2'+'2'+'2'+'5'. Full House: 25 points are awarded to the player if the round results in three dice of a kind and a pair. Example: Dice on display: '11212 '. Dice on display: '53353'. Small Straight: 30 points are awarded to the player if the round results in four dice of sequential value. Example: Dice on display: '14312 '. The sequence is: '1', '2 ', '3', '4 '. Dice on display: '51643'. The sequence is: '3 ', '4', '5 ', '6'. Large Straight: 40 points are awarded to the player if the round results in five dice of sequential value. Example: Dice on display: '34152 '. The sequence is: '1', '2 ', '3', '4 ', '5'. Dice on display: '53264 '. The sequence is: '2', '3 ', '4', '5 ', '6'. kiriki;: 50 points are awarded to the player if the round results in five dice of the same value. You can score as many & kiriki; as you get, for each one after the first you get an additional turn at the end of the game. Example: Dice on display: '11111 '. Dice on display: '33333'. Chance: Summarized value of all the dice currently on display. Example: Dice on display: '51143 '. The sum is: '14'='5'+'1'+'1'+'4'+'3'. Dice on display: '21526 '. The sum is: '16'='2'+'1'+'5'+'2'+'6'. Lower Total: It is not a playable field, but only a summary of all the fields starting from '3 of a Kind 'and lower. Grand Total: It is not a playable field, but only a sum of'Upper Total' and'Lower Total 'fields. Other rules and constrains:
If you have marked at least one tool, KMail is able to provide filters which allow the classification of the messages as spam or not spam. It will also provide actions to let you manually classify messages. These actions will be available via the menu and via toolbar icons. If any of the tools you selected support Bayesian filtering (ie; a method to detect spam based on statistical analysis of the messages) then these messages are not only marked but additionally transfered to the tools to let them learn so they can improve their detection rate.
The focus policy is used to determine the active window, i. e. the window you can work in. Click to focus: A window becomes active when you click into it. This is the behavior you might know from other operating systems. Focus follows mouse: Moving the mouse pointer actively on to a normal window activates it. New windows will receive the focus, without you having to point the mouse at them explicitly. Very practical if you are using the mouse a lot. Focus under mouse: The window that happens to be under the mouse pointer is active. If the mouse points nowhere, the last window that was under the mouse has focus. New windows will not automatically receive the focus. Focus strictly under mouse: Only the window under the mouse pointer is active. If the mouse points nowhere, nothing has focus. Note that'Focus under mouse 'and'Focus strictly under mouse' prevent certain features such as the Alt+Tab walk through windows dialog in the KDE mode from working properly.
Type a & URL; into the Location Toolbar window, press & Enter; or left click on the Go button at the right hand end of the Location Toolbar, and & konqueror; will download and display that page. If you have visited the page before, & konqueror; 's Automatic Text Completion feature can help you type the & URL; a second time, or you could look through the History page in the Navigation Panel. If you want to use one of the web's search engines, & konqueror; 's Web Shortcuts feature can make this easier.
After starting & krusader;, the keyboard action can begin. Use Ctrl; L to jump to the Location Toolbar where you can type the desired directory. After Ctrl; Down arrow you are in the Terminal emulator and you can type any command you desire. Use Ctrl; Up arrow to jump back to the active panel. If you want to jump to a file or directory that starts with "f", then simply press "f" on the keyboard to use the Quick search. Use the Enter key to execute the file or to open a directory that has the focus. Be sure to remember the Function Keys - F3 to View, F4 to Edit, F5 to Copy, Alt; U to Unpack, etc.
K3b: :SetupThis simple setup assistant is able to set the permissions needed by K3b in order to burn CDs and DVDs. It does not take into account devfs or resmgr, or similar. In most cases this is not a problem, but on some systems the permissions may be altered the next time you login or restart your computer. In these cases it is best to consult the distribution's documentation. The important task that K3b: :Setup performs is grant write access to the CD and DVD devices. Caution: Although K3b: :Setup should not be able to damage your system, no guarantee can be given.
& kde; applications are built around the action-concept. Actions can be activated in various ways, typically via the menu-bar, one of the toolbars or a keyboard shortcut. Save Document is an example of an action. If you know the internal action name it is possible to restrict an action. When an action is restricted it will no longer appear in the menu-bar or toolbar. The internal name for the Save Document action is action/ file_save. The lock down framework also provides a set of more abstract restrictions which can be used to disable functionality not covered by a single action. An example is the shell_access restriction which disables all functionality that would offer the user access to a & UNIX; shell.
Pattern special strings: The following strings will be replaced with their respective meaning in every track name. Hint: %A differs from %a only on soundtracks or compilations. MeaningAlternatives%aartist of the track%{a} or %{artist}%ttitle of the track%{t} or %{title}%ntrack number%{n} or %{number}%yyear of the CD%{y} or %{year}%cextended track information%{c} or %{comment}%ggenre of the CD%{g} or %{genre}%Aalbum artist%{A} or %{albumartist}%Talbum title%{T} or %{albumtitle}%Cextended CD information%{C} or %{albumcomment}%dcurrent date%{d} or %{date}%efile extension (if left out, it is added automatically)%{e} or %{ext}
NASA Astrophysical Data System (ADS). This incredible bibliographic database encompass the entire body of literature published in international peer-review Journals about astronomy and astrophysics. The database is divided into four general subject areas (Astronomy and Astrophysics, Astrophysics Preprints, Instrumentation, and Physics and Geophysics). Each of these has three sub-nodes that query the database in different ways. Keyword search will return articles which listed the object's name as a keyword. Title word search will return articles which included the object name in their Title, and the Title & Keyword search uses both options together.
Right Margin. This spinbox/ text edit field lets you control the right margin of your printout if the printing application does not define its margins internally. The setting works for instance for ASCII text file printing, or for printing from KMail and and Konqueror. Note: This margin setting is not intended for KOffice or OpenOffice. org printing, because these applications (or rather their users) are expected to do it by themselves. It also does not work for PostScript or PDF file, which in most cases have their margins hardcoded internally. Additional hint for power users: This KDEPrint GUI element corresponds to the CUPS command line job option parameter: -o page-right=... # use values from "0" or higher. "72" is equal to 1 inch.
The general portion of KPilot's setup contains settings for your hardware and the way KPilot should display your data. For the basic setup, which should fulfill the need of most users, just use the setup wizard below. If you need some special settings, this dialog provides all the options for fine-tuning KPilot. But be warned: The HotSync settings are various esoteric things. You can enable an action or conduit by clicking on its checkbox. Checked conduits will be run during a HotSync. Select a conduit to configure it.
Specifies the scheduled date, or date and time, at which the message should be displayed. For a date-only alarm, the string should be in the format YYYY-MM-DD [TZ] (as returned by QDate: :toString(Qt: :ISODate)). For an alarm with a date and time, the string should be in the format YYYY-MM-DDTHH: MM[: SS] [TZ] (as returned by QDateTime: :toString(Qt: :ISODate)) or HH: MM[: SS] [Clock] (as returned by QTime: :toString(Qt: :ISODate)). If no date is specified, today's date is used. Note that any seconds value is ignored.
Please note that you can now type the special characters in a language by displaying the Special Characters toolbar. This toolbar holds buttons with an icon of each special character per language like & eacute; in French for example. Clicking on such a button will write the corresponding letter in the input line and you validate your choice with & Enter;. You can of course also use the keyboard layout corresponding to the language. This toolbar can be shown or hidden. The setting is restored next time you play & khangman;.
The window contains a list of all the named objects that & kstars; is aware of. Many of the objects only have a numeric catalog name (for example, NGC 3077), but some objects have a common name as well (for example, Whirlpool Galaxy). You can filter the list by name and by object type. To filter by name, enter a string in the edit box at the top of the window; the list will then only contain names which start with that string. To filter by type, select a type from the combo box at the bottom of the window.
In the spirit of freedom of speech, everything that is & krusader; related can be discussed in our forum. It does not matter if you are a newcomer or an advanced user, everyone is welcome. An open source project's greatest strength is derived from getting user feedback. That is why we love to hear what you have to say. With your feedback we can make & krusader; better and better; otherwise, we are not aware of issues and ideas you may have. But please remember the following, so that we can maintain some order in the chaos.
The first trick for this level is to time when you go through the bottom of the 6 with the enemy climbing up the ladder to the left of the 6. Once you get on the ladder, the enemies will climb up the ladder away from you, so you just need to wait until there are no enemies low on the ladder before digging through the bottom of the 6. The second trick is figuring how to get all the enemies off the ladder on the left of the screen. One way is to sit on top of the big 6 in the middle and wait for them to come over the poles. Then drop to the floor and cross to the ladder.
Image Size: Drop-down menu to control the image size on the printed paper. The menu works in conjunction with slider below. The options are: Natural Image Size: Image prints in its natural image size. If it does not fit onto one sheet, the printout will be spread across multiple sheets. Note, that the slider is disabled when selecting'natural image size 'in the dropdown menu. Resolution (ppi): The resolution value slider covers a number range from 1 to 1200. It specifies the resolution of the image in Pixels Per Inch (PPI). An image that is 3000x2400 pixels will print 10x8 inches at 300 pixels per inch, for example, but 5x4 inches at 600 pixels per inch. If the specified resolution makes the image larger than the page, multiple pages will be printed. Resolution defaults to 72 ppi.% of Page Size: The percent value slider covers numbers from 1 to 800. It specifies the size in relation to the page (not the image). A scaling of 100 percent will fill the page as completely as the image aspect ratio allows (doing auto-rotation of the image as needed). A scaling of more than 100 will print the image across multiple sheets. A scaling of 200 percent will print on up to 4 pages. Scaling in% of page size defaults to 100%.% of Natural Image Size: The percent value slider moves from 1 to 800. It specifies the printout size in relation to the natural image size. A scaling of 100 percent will print the image at its natural size, while a scaling of 50 percent will print the image at half its natural size. If the specified scaling makes the image larger than the page, multiple pages will be printed. Scaling in% of natural image size defaults to 100%. Additional hint for power users: This KDEPrint GUI element corresponds to the CUPS command line job option parameter: -o natural-scaling=... # range in% is 1... .800 -o scaling=... # range in% is 1... .800 -o ppi=... # range in ppi is 1... 1200
If you have marked at least one tool you will be able to select some actions to be done in & kmail; with regard to messages containing viruses: to let & kmail; detect messages containing viruses you definitely should mark the Check messages using the anti-virus tools option; if you want messages detected as virus-infected to be moved into a certain folder, please select the appropriate folder and mark the Move detected viral messages to the selected folder option; if messages detected as virus-infected should additionally be marked as read, then mark the Additionally, mark detected viral messages as read option.
From the start, virtual file systems became the main focus. Virtual file systems (VFS) are an abstracted layer over all kinds of archived information (ZIP files, & FTP; servers, TAR archives, NFS filesystems, SAMBA shares, ISO cd/ dvd images, RPM catalogs, & etc;), which allow the user to access all the information in these divergent types of file systems transparently - just like entering an ordinary sub-directory. Files can then be copied or moved around (except ISO, rpm, tar. gz) between these data sources/ containers effortlessly. & krusader; currently supports VFSs for all popular and some specialized types of archives (ace, arj, bzip2, gzip, iso, lha, rar, tar, zip and 7-zip), configuration packages (rpm, deb), and traditional remote file system types (FTP;, NFS, Samba, FISH, SFTP).
This option changes the behavior of the cursor when the user presses the Page Up or Page Down key. If unselected the text cursor will maintain its relative position within the visible text in & kappname; as new text becomes visible as a result of the operation. So if the cursor is in the middle of the visible text when the operation occurs it will remain there (except when one reaches the beginning or end.) With this option selected, the first key press will cause the cursor to move to either the top or bottom of the visible text as a new page of text is displayed.
HTML Tidy Configuration Settings Within a file, use the form: wrap: 72 split: no When specified on the command line, use the form: --wrap 72 --split no Name\t\t\t\tType \tAllowable values ==================== \t========= \t============================== indent-spaces\t\t\tInteger \t0, 1, 2,... wrap\t\t\t\tInteger \t0 (no wrapping), 1, 2,... tab-size\t\t\t\tInteger \t0, 1, 2,... char-encoding\t\t\tEncoding\t ascii, latin0, latin1, raw, utf8, iso202 \t\t\t\t\t\tutf16le, utf16be, utf16, \t\t\t\t\t\tmac, win1252, ibm858, big5, shiftjis input-encoding\t\t\tEncoding \tascii, latin0, latin1, raw, utf8, iso202 \t\t\t\t\t\tutf16le, utf16be, utf16, \t\t\t\t\t\tmac, win1252, ibm858, big5, shiftjis output-encoding\t\t\tEncoding\tascii, latin0, latin1, raw, utf8, iso202 \t\t\t\t\t\tutf16le, utf16be, utf16, \t\t\t\t\t\tmac, win1252, ibm858, big5, shiftjis newline\t\t\t\tenum\t\tLF, CRLF, CR doctype\t\t\t\tDocType\tauto, omit, strict, loose, transitional, \t\t\t\t\t\tuser specified fpi (string) repeated-attributes\t\tenum\t\tkeep-first, keep-last alt-text\t\t\t\tString\t\t- slide-style\t\t\tString\t\t- error-file\t\t\t\tString\t\t- output-file\t\t\tString\t\t- write-back\t\t\tBoolean \ty/ n, yes/ no, t/ f, true/ false, 1/ 0 markup\t\t\t\tBoolean \ty/ n, yes/ no, t/ f, true/ false, 1/ 0 show-warnings\t\t\tBoolean \ty/ n, yes/ no, t/ f, true/ false, 1/ 0 quiet\t\t\t\tBoolean \ty/ n, yes/ no, t/ f, true/ false, 1/ 0 indent\t\t\t\tAutoBool \tauto, y/ n, yes/ no, t/ f, true/ false, 1/ 0 hide-endtags\t\t\tBoolean \ty/ n, yes/ no, t/ f, true/ false, 1/ 0 input-xml\t\t\tBoolean \ty/ n, yes/ no, t/ f, true/ false, 1/ 0 output-xml\t\t\tBoolean \ty/ n, yes/ no, t/ f, true/ false, 1/ 0 output-xhtml\t\t\tBoolean \t y/ n, yes/ no, t/ f, true/ false, 1/ 0 output-html\t\t\tBoolean \ty/ n, yes/ no, t/ f, true/ false, 1/ 0 add-xml-decl\t\t\tBoolean \ty/ n, yes/ no, t/ f, true/ false, 1/ 0 uppercase-tags\t\t\tBoolean \t y/ n, yes/ no, t/ f, true/ false, 1/ 0 uppercase-attributes\t\tBoolean \ty/ n, yes/ no, t/ f, true/ false, 1/ 0 bare\t\t\t\tBoolean \ty/ n, yes/ no, t/ f, true/ false, 1/ 0 clean\t\t\t\tBoolean \ty/ n, yes/ no, t/ f, true/ false, 1/ 0 logical-emphasis\t\t\tBoolean \ty/ n, yes/ no, t/ f, true/ false, 1/ 0 drop-proprietary-attributes\tBoolean \ty/ n, yes/ no, t/ f, true/ false, 1/ 0 drop-font-tags\t\t\tBoolean \ty/ n, yes/ no, t/ f, true/ false, 1/ 0 drop-empty-paras\t\tBoolean \ty/ n, yes/ no, t/ f, true/ false, 1/ 0 fix-bad-comments\t\tBoolean \ty/ n, yes/ no, t/ f, true/ false, 1/ 0 break-before-br\t\t\tBoolean \ty/ n, yes/ no, t/ f, true/ false, 1/ 0 split\t\t\t\tBoolean \ty/ n, yes/ no, t/ f, true/ false, 1/ 0 numeric-entities\t\t\tBoolean \ty/ n, yes/ no, t/ f, true/ false, 1/ 0 quote-marks\t\t\tBoolean \ty/ n, yes/ no, t/ f, true/ false, 1/ 0 quote-nbsp\t\t\tBoolean \ty/ n, yes/ no, t/ f, true/ false, 1/ 0 quote-ampersand\t\tBoolean \ty/ n, yes/ no, t/ f, true/ false, 1/ 0 wrap-attributes\t\t\tBoolean \ty/ n, yes/ no, t/ f, true/ false, 1/ 0 wrap-script-literals\t\tBoolean \ty/ n, yes/ no, t/ f, true/ false, 1/ 0 wrap-sections\t\t\tBoolean \ty/ n, yes/ no, t/ f, true/ false, 1/ 0 wrap-asp\t\t\tBoolean \ty/ n, yes/ no, t/ f, true/ false, 1/ 0 wrap-jste\t\t\tBoolean \ty/ n, yes/ no, t/ f, true/ false, 1/ 0 wrap-php\t\t\tBoolean \ty/ n, yes/ no, t/ f, true/ false, 1/ 0 fix-backslash\t\t\tBoolean \ty/ n, yes/ no, t/ f, true/ false, 1/ 0 indent-attributes\t\t\tBoolean \ty/ n, yes/ no, t/ f, true/ false, 1/ 0 assume-xml-procins\t\tBoolean \ty/ n, yes/ no, t/ f, true/ false, 1/ 0 add-xml-space\t\t\tBoolean \ty/ n, yes/ no, t/ f, true/ false, 1/ 0 enclose-text\t\t\tBoolean \ty/ n, yes/ no, t/ f, true/ false, 1/ 0 enclose-block-text\t\tBoolean \ty/ n, yes/ no, t/ f, true/ false, 1/ 0 keep-time\t\t\tBoolean \ty/ n, yes/ no, t/ f, true/ false, 1/ 0 word-2000\t\t\tBoolean \ty/ n, yes/ no, t/ f, true/ false, 1/ 0 tidy-mark\t\t\tBoolean \ty/ n, yes/ no, t/ f, true/ false, 1/ 0 gnu-emacs\t\t\tBoolean \ty/ n, yes/ no, t/ f, true/ false, 1/ 0 gnu-emacs-file\t\t\tString \t- literal-attributes\t\t\tBoolean \ty/ n, yes/ no, t/ f, true/ false, 1/ 0 show-body-only\t\t\tBoolean \ty/ n, yes/ no, t/ f, true/ false, 1/ 0 fix-uri\t\t\t\tBoolean \ty/ n, yes/ no, t/ f, true/ false, 1/ 0 lower-literals\t\t\tBoolean \ty/ n, yes/ no, t/ f, true/ false, 1/ 0 hide-comments\t\t\tBoolean \ty/ n, yes/ no, t/ f, true/ false, 1/ 0 indent-cdata\t\t\tBoolean \ty/ n, yes/ no, t/ f, true/ false, 1/ 0 force-output\t\t\tBoolean \ty/ n, yes/ no, t/ f, true/ false, 1/ 0 show-errors\t\t\tInteger \t0, 1, 2,... ascii-chars\t\t\tBoolean \ty/ n, yes/ no, t/ f, true/ false, 1/ 0 join-classes\t\t\tBoolean \ty/ n, yes/ no, t/ f, true/ false, 1/ 0 join-styles\t\t\tBoolean \ty/ n, yes/ no, t/ f, true/ false, 1/ 0 escape-cdata\t\t\tBoolean \ty/ n, yes/ no, t/ f, true/ false, 1/ 0 language\t\t\tString \t- ncr\t\t\t\tBoolean \ty/ n, yes/ no, t/ f, true/ false, 1/ 0 output-bom\t\t\tAutoBool \tauto, y/ n, yes/ no, t/ f, true/ false, 1/ 0 replace-color\t\t\tBoolean \ty/ n, yes/ no, t/ f, true/ false, 1/ 0 css-prefix\t\t\tName \tCSS1 selector new-inline-tags\t\t\tTag names \ttagX, tagY,... new-blocklevel-tags\t\tTag names \ttagX, tagY,... new-empty-tags\t\t\tTag names \ttagX, tagY,... new-pre-tags\t\t\tTag names\ttagX, tagY,... accessibility-check\t\tInteger \t0, 1, 2,...
When & kstars; starts up, the time is set to your computer's system clock, and the & kstars; clock is running to keep up with the real time. If you want to stop the clock, select Stop Clock from the Time menu, or simply click on the Pause icon in the toolbar. You can make the clock run slower or faster than normal, or even make it run backward, using the time-step spinbox in the toolbar. This spinbox has two sets of up/ down buttons. The first one will step through all 83 available time steps, one by one. The second one will skip to the next higher (or lower) unit of time, which allows you to make large timestep changes more quickly.
& kontact; is the integrated solution for personal information management. It combines the well-known & kde; applications for email, scheduling, address book, notes, and newsgroups (kmail;, & korganizer;, & kaddressbook;, & knotes;, and & knode;) into a single interface. Being based on a true component framework & kontact; provides exactly the same functionality as the stand-alone applications, and adds more features, by making use of the integrated way & kontact; runs the applications as components. Users still retain the choice of which applications are run within & kontact; and which are run stand-alone.
Scheduled Printing Scheduled printing lets you control the time of the actual printout, while you can still send away your job now and have it out of your way. Especially useful is the "Never (hold indefinitely)" option. It allows you to park your job until a time when you (or a printer administrator) decides to manually release it. This is often required in enterprise environments, where you normally are not allowed to directly and immediately access the huge production printers in your Central Repro Department. However it is okay to send jobs to the queue which is under the control of the operators (who, after all, need to make sure that the 10,000 sheets of pink paper which is required by the Marketing Department for a particular job are available and loaded into the paper trays.) Additional hint for power users: This KDEPrint GUI element corresponds to the CUPS command line job option parameter: -o job-hold-until=... # example: "indefinite" or "no-hold"
Information Tabs This widget shows information for the currently selected function in different tabs: The Costs tab shows a list of available event types and the inclusive and self-costs related to these types. The Parts tab shows a list of trace parts if the trace consists of more than one part (otherwise, this tab is hidden). The cost of the selected function spent in the different parts together with the calls happening is shown. The Call Lists tab shows direct callers and callees of the function in more detail. The Coverage tab shows the same as the Call Lists tab, but also shows indirect callers and callees, not just direct ones. The Call Graph tab shows a graphical visualization of the calls made by this function. The Source Code tab presents annotated source code if debugging information and the source file are available. The Machine Code tab presents annotated assembly instructions if profile information at instruction level is available. For more information, see the What's This? help of the corresponding tab widget.
For those new to reading news and posting articles, the A journey through Usenet chapter is recommended; it is not so much about & knode; as how to move about in the Usenet with its help. In general, it is not sufficient to just master a news reader for writing news articles: imagine a car driver who masters his car perfectly but does not know about the traffic rules or signs; do you want to encounter such a driver when out in traffic? So please take your time to learn at least a little about the traffic rules of the Usenet; the other participants will thank you.
The Bible tells us that Moses parted the sea to escape the Pharaoh's men. After you have looted the pyramids of his ancestors, it should come as no surprise that the Pharaoh has sent his men after you, too. Fortunately, the sea can be parted just by falling onto the last treasure. To escape the Pharaoh's men is not so easy. First, make your hero go down as far as he can, then wait for his moment. Then move up the wall of water to the right, cross the pole to the middle and wait for the mummies to reach the top of the water before dropping down a second time. This time, immediately run up the wall of water to your left, crossing under the chasing mummies. Await near the top left where the mummies to your right cannot get you. Once the mummies to your left reach the top, drop to the sea bed a third time (even Moses did not have it this rough). The trick to getting past the mummies on this last trip to the top is to pass under and to the left of them while they are falling as a column down one of the long ladder drops. Note: It is possible to move up the wall of water to your left initially, but it is much harder.
Here is another way to think about it: Consider the stars near the perimeter of a spiral galaxy, with typical observed orbital velocities of 200 kilometers per second. If the galaxy consisted of only the matter that we can see, these stars would very quickly fly off from the galaxy, because their orbital speeds are four times larger than the galaxy's escape velocity. Since galaxies are not seen to be spinning apart, there must be mass in the galaxy that we are not accounting for when we add up all the parts we can see.
In order for me to add a new language, I need the sounds for the alphabet and some basic syllables. Someone speaking natively the new language must record these sounds in ogg format. For levels 3 and 4, the syllables must be chosen by a teacher or someone who knows how children learn: these must be the syllables you have to learn just after the alphabet in order to learn well the basics of this language. Please send me a mail if you are able to do that. See the & klettres; website for detailed instructions on how to add a new language.
We will now demonstrate Precession by changing the Date to a very remote year, and observing that the location of the Celestial Pole is no longer near Polaris. Open the Set Time window (Ctrl; S), and set the date to the year 8000 (currently, & kstars; cannot handle dates much more remote than this, but this date is sufficient for our purposes). Notice that the sky display is now centered at a point between the constellations Cygnus and Cepheus. Verify that this is actually the pole by slewing left and right: the sky rotates about this point; in the year 8000, the North celestial pole will no longer be near Polaris.
In the Misc page, of the Configure dialog, choose the Groupware tab. Check the Enable IMAP resource functionality option and select Kolab (XML) as Format used for the groupware folders. The Resource folders are in account combo-box should be set on the Receiving (kolab user) account of your choice (if you happen to have several accounts). You may if you wish hide the groupware folder by checking this option. It is recommended to check both Groupware Compatibility and Legacy Options for compatibility with an eventual Kolab Microsoft Outlook client for sending invitations and replies from a Kolab KDE client.
Thanks to the action concept of & Qt; and & kde;, you can freely customize & koffice; menubars and tool bars. Unfortunately, at the moment, there are no easy-to-use dialogs to do this. & koffice; stores its & GUI; configuration in & XML; files and you'll have to edit those. Hopefully, this situation will change in the future; for now, you'll need some basic knowledge of how an & XML; document works (or & HTML;, which is a subset of & XML;). [The action concept needs to be discussed in more detail -- kt.]
When using ssh you should make sure that you have your identity. pub installed on the remote machine and the host key of the remote machine is already registered on your machine. If you do n't set up identity. pub correctly, you will be asked for your password every time you start ksysguard. The easiest way to make sure that everything is working is to run ssh remotehost ksysguardd in a shell. If you are greeted by ksysguardd, then everything is working correctly and you can type quit to exit ksysguardd.
These are all the nicknames on your Nickname Watch list, listed under the server network they are connected to. The list also includes the nicknames in KAddressBook associated with the server network. The Additional Information column shows the information known for each nickname. The channels the nickname has joined are listed underneath each nickname. Nicknames appearing under Offline are not connected to any of the servers in the network. Right-click with the mouse on a nickname to perform additional functions.
Introduction This assistant will guide you through the necessary steps to use a traditional KDE resource plugin to populate a folder of your Akonadi personal information setup with data otherwise not yet accessible through native Akonadi resources. The setup process consists of three steps: Step 1: Selecting a plugin suitable for the kind of data source you want to add; Step 2: Providing the selected plugin with information on where to find and how to access the data; Step 3: Naming the resulting data source so you can easily identify it in any application presenting you a choice of which data to process.
An Access Point Sector, APS, is an MPEG video sector on the VCD/ SVCD which is suitable to be jumped to directly. APS are required for entry points and scantables. APS have to fulfil the requirement to precede every I-frame by a GOP header which shall be preceded by a sequence header in its turn. The start codes of these 3 items are required to be contained all in the same MPEG pack/ sector, thus forming a so-called access point sector. This requirement can be relaxed by enabling the relaxed aps option, i. e. every sector containing an I-frame will be regarded as an APS. Warning: The sequence header is needed for a playing device to figure out display parameters, such as display resolution and frame rate, relaxing the aps requirement may lead to non-working entry points.
To copy or move files/ directories just select them and press F5 to copy or F6 to move them. If the Preserve attributes (only on local targets) option is checked, & krusader; will try to preserve all attributes (time, owner, group) of the local files according to the source depending on your permissions: User preserving if you are root Group preserving if you are root or member of the group Preserving the timestamp Using this option may slow down the copy/ move process. A dialog will appear and allow you to choose the operation destination. The default destination is the other-panel browsed directory. If you enter a partial & URL;, & krusader; will use the current panel directory as the & URL; base.
If you have previously accessed your photograph collection with another application, that has created thumbnails in non-standard sub-folders, & digikam; will show these thumbnail folders as separate Albums. & digikam; follows the freedesktop. org standards for thumbnail folders. There is no way of hiding non-standard thumbnail folders from the & quot; Albumsquot; list. If you want to keep them you could create an Album Collection that just contains all the thumbnail Folders and then view your Albums in By Collection order. See the Album section for more about Album Collections.
The Entry View uses templates to show the field values. You can specify a different template for each collection type. Some templates, such as the Album or Video templates are for a specific collection type, and a short error message will appear in the Entry View if they are used for other types. The Preview button pops up a window to show you a preview of what the template looks like. Custom fonts and colors may be passed to the template, and all of the default templates will honor those settings. However, custom template may choose to ignore them.
Text Formats These settings control the appearance of text on printouts. They are only valid for printing text files or input directly through kprinter. Note: These settings have no effect whatsoever for input formats other than text, or for printing from applications such as the KDE Advanced Text Editor. (Applications in general send PostScript to the print system, and'kate 'in particular has its own knobs to control the print output.). Additional hint for power users: This KDEPrint GUI element corresponds to the CUPS command line job option parameter: -o cpi=... # example: "8" or "12" -o lpi=... # example: "5" or "7" -o columns=... # example: "2" or "4"
This command opens a dialog box where the toolbars can be customized. The drop down box on top of the dialog determines which toolbar can be edited at the moment. The Available Actions list on the left contains all commands that can be added to the toolbar, the Current Actions list on the right shows the ones that are already there. Items can be added by selecting the appropriate command out of the Available Actions list and pressing the right button to move it to the Current Actions list. Removing an item works the other way round. The up and down buttons change the commands's position within the toolbar.
The wizard scans for known anti-spam tools on your computer. It is as well possible to use results of spam checks made by your provider by evaluating some header information which has been added to the messages. You can let the wizard prepare & kmail; to use one or many of them in parallel. However, note that anti-spam tool operations are usually time consuming. & kmail; can appear to be frozen during the scan of the messages for spam, you may encounter problems with the responsiveness of & kmail;. Please consider deleting the filter rules created by the wizard if the filtering becomes too slow for you. Here are some recommendations regarding the supported tools:
The text in this textbox will be used to format time strings. The sequences below will be replaced: HH The hour as a decimal number using a 24-hour clock (00-23). hH The hour (24-hour clock) as a decimal number (0-23). PH The hour as a decimal number using a 12-hour clock (01-12). pH The hour (12-hour clock) as a decimal number (1-12). MM The minutes as a decimal number (00-59). SS The seconds as a decimal number (00-59). AMPM Either "am" or "pm" according to the given time value. Noon is treated as "pm" and midnight as "am".
After pressing Alt+Ctrl+H the input of'Hello 'will be simulated, as if you typed it. This is especially useful if you have call to frequently type a word (for instance, 'unsigned'). Every keypress in the input is separated by a colon ':'. Note that the keypresses literally mean keypresses, so you have to write what you would press on the keyboard. In the table below, the left column shows the input and the right column shows what to type.\\ "enter" (i. e. new line) Enter or Return\ a (i. e. small a) A\ A (i. e. capital a) Shift+A\: (colon) Shift+;\ '' (space) Space
Annotated Machine Code The annotated machine code list shows the assembly instructions of the current selected function together with (self) cost spent while executing an instruction. If this is a call instruction, lines with details on the call happening are inserted into the source: the cost spent inside of the call, the number of calls happening, and the call destination. The machine code shown is generated with the'objdump 'utility from the'binutils' package. Select a line with call information to make the destination function of this call current.
Changes the way attachments appear in the Message pane (independent of the MIME Tree). With As Icons all attachments appear as icons at the bottom of the message. Smart will show attachments as icons, unless the message suggests that they should be displayed inline. You can suggest that certain attachments should be shown inline in your own messages when you select Suggest automatic display in the attachment's properties dialog. Inline shows the contents of the attachments at the bottom of the message. Attachments that cannot be displayed, & eg; compressed files, will still be shown as an icon. Hide will not show attachments.
kurt@transmeta: ~ > tail / var/ log/ cups/ access_log 127.0.0.1 - - [04/ Aug/ 2001:20:11:39 +0100] "POST / printers/ HTTP/ 1.1" 200 109 127.0.0.1 - - [04/ Aug/ 2001:20:11:39 +0100] "POST / admin/ HTTP/ 1.1" 401 0 127.0.0.1 - - [04/ Aug/ 2001:20:11:39 +0100] "POST / HTTP/ 1.1" 200 210 127.0.0.1 - - [04/ Aug/ 2001:20:11:39 +0100] "GET / ppd/ DANKA_P450. ppd HTTP/ 1.1" 200 51021 127.0.0.1 - - [04/ Aug/ 2001:20:11:39 +0100] "POST / jobs/ HTTP/ 1.1" 200 246 10.160.16.45 - - [04/ Aug/ 2001:20:11:39 +0100] "GET / printers/ DANKA_P450 HTTP/ 1.0" 200 0 127.0.0.1 - - [04/ Aug/ 2001:20:11:39 +0100] "POST / HTTP/ 1.1" 200 80 127.0.0.1 - - [04/ Aug/ 2001:20:11:39 +0100] "POST / HTTP/ 1.1" 200 139 10.160.16.45 - - [04/ Aug/ 2001:20:11:40 +0100] "GET / cups. css HTTP/ 1.0" 200 198 127.0.0.1 - - [04/ Aug/ 2001:20:11:40 +0100] "POST / HTTP/ 1.1" 200 139 10.160.16.45 - - [04/ Aug/ 2001:20:11:39 +0100] "GET / printers/ DANKA_P450 HTTP/ 1.0" 200 7319 10.160.16.45 - - [04/ Aug/ 2001:20:11:40 +0100] "GET / images/ title-logo. gif HTTP/ 1.0" 200 5729
ALERT The temperature of your graphics card has reached the alarm limit! This is a serious problem. The current temperature is %1 C. Overheating may reduce the lifetime of your graphics card or even destroy it. It is even possible to start a fire! You should investigate this IMMEDIATELY, and perhaps turn off your computer to allow the graphics card to cool. The overheating may be caused by a fan having stopped working effectively, either due to mechanical failure or an accumulation of dust, or from overclocking without adequate cooling. If you have not overclocked your graphics card then you should inspect its fan (if one is fitted). The following graphics cards are known to have fan issues: ASUS EAH4870: Fan control circuit dies during the first 6 months of operation (based on Internet reports.)
We would be remiss not to point out that & quantaplus; is being built by volunteers. Many people feel they cannot contribute to the open source cause for one reason or another. Probably the greatest being a feeling they do not have the skills. & quantaplus; has been developed in a manner that allows both non-programmers and programmers help extend & quantaplus;. There is also the issue of documentation. Software, be it proprietary or Free/ open source, is only as good as its documentation. We are sure there is a place in & quantaplus; where your time will be most beneficial.
List of Possible Values for given Option (from PPD). The lower pane of this dialog page contains all possible values of the print option highlighted above, as laid down in the printer's description file (PostScript Printer Description == 'PPD '.) Select the value you want and proceed. Then, use one of the push buttons below to leave this dialog: 'Save' your settings if you want to re-use them in your next job(s) too. 'Save 'will store your settings permanently until you change them again.. Click'OK' if you want to use your selected settings just once, for the next print job. 'OK 'will forget your current settings when kprinter is closed again, and will start next time with your previous defaults. 'Cancel' will not change anything. If you proceed to print after clicking'Cancel ', the job will print with the default settings of this queue. Note. The number of available job options depends strongly on the actual driver used for your print queue. 'Raw' queues do not have a driver or a PPD. For raw queues this tab page is not loaded by KDEPrint, and thus is not present in the kprinter dialog.
This is a rather short but important section that will go into the details of controlling & krusader;. This section does not try to cover all the various key combinations for two reasons: there are just too many of them most of & krusader; actions are configurable in the Konfigurator Look & Feel page We will only mention the most important keyboard shortcuts with the default configuration, but keep in mind that most of the Key-Bindings are configurable. If you find that you use a certain command a lot and want to know the shortcut for this command, or you want to change this command shortcut, then check out the Key-Bindings tab at the Konfigurator Look & Feel page.
Perceptual intent causes the full gamut of the image to be compressed or expanded to fill the gamut of the destination device, so that gray balance is preserved but colorimetric accuracy may not be preserved. In other words, if certain colors in an image fall outside of the range of colors that the output device can render, the image intent will cause all the colors in the image to be adjusted so that the every color in the image falls within the range that can be rendered and so that the relationship between colors is preserved as much as possible. This intent is most suitable for display of photographs and images, and is the default intent. Absolute Colorimetric intent causes any colors that fall outside the range that the output device can render to be adjusted to the closest color that can be rendered, while all other colors are left unchanged. This intent preserves the white point and is most suitable for spot colors (Pantone, TruMatch, logo colors,....) Relative Colorimetric intent is defined such that any colors that fall outside the range that the output device can render are adjusted to the closest color that can be rendered, while all other colors are left unchanged. Proof intent does not preserve the white point. Saturation intent preserves the saturation of colors in the image at the possible expense of hue and lightness. Implementation of this intent remains somewhat problematic, and the ICC is still working on methods to achieve the desired effects. This intent is most suitable for business graphics such as charts, where it is more important that the colors be vivid and contrast well with each other rather than a specific color.
Konfigurator is & krusader; s configuration center. When running & krusader;, use Settings Configure & krusader;, and it will start Konfigurator. There you can modify the way & krusader; works and customize it to your own needs. At any time, pressing the Apply button applies the changes, pressing Close closes Konfigurator, and pressing Defaults re-applies & krusader; 's "factory" settings. Konfigurator is divided into pages, each containing items related to that page. For some changes to the & GUI;, you have to close and restart & krusader;.
Here you can add extra extensions of audio files to be displayed in your Album view. Just write "mp7" to support files with the *. mp7 extension. Clicking on these files will play them in an embedded KDE audio player. You can also remove file formats that are supported by default by putting a minus sign in front of the extension: e. g. "-ogg" would remove all OGG files from your Album view and any trace of them in your database. They would not be deleted, just not shown in digiKam. Warning: Removing files from the database means losing all of their tags and ratings.
The command to execute when printing on this special printer. Either enter the command to execute directly, or associate/ create a command object with/ for this special printer. The command object is the preferred method as it provides support for advanced settings like mime type checking, configurable options and requirement list (the plain command is only provided for backward compatibility). When using a plain command, the following tags are recognized: %in: the input file (required). %out: the output file (required if using an output file). %psl: the paper size in lower case. %psu: the paper size with the first letter in upper case.
This tool displays a model of our solar system as seen from above. The Sun is drawn as a yellow dot in the center of the plot, and the orbits of the planets are drawn as ellipses with the correct shapes and orientations. The current position of each planet along its orbit is drawn as a colored dot, along with a name label. The display can be zoomed in and out with the + and - keys, and the display can be recentered with the arrow keys, or by double-clicking anywhere in the window with the mouse. You can also center on a planet with the 0ndash; 9 keys (0 is the Sun; 9 is Pluto). If you center on a planet, it will be tracked as time passes in the tool.
The device file normally belongs to user root in group root, and does not allow normal users to open it for reading, writing, or execution directly. This has nothing to do with the SUID (Set User ID programs use the setuid() function in the standard Un*x library to assume the identity of another user) mount command, which has no problems with permissions; & kscd; must be able to get a read-only file descriptor referring to the & CD; device to control the & CD-ROM; drive and read raw data off the disk.
\\begin{table}[placement] body of the table \\caption{table title} \\end{table} Tables are objects that are not part of the normal text, and are usually floated to a convenient place. The optional argument [placement] determines where LaTeX will try to place your table h: Here - at the position in the text where the table environment appears t: Top - at the top of a text page b: Bottom - at the bottom of a text page p: Page of floats - on a separate float page, which is a page containing no text, only floats. The body of the table is made up of whatever text or LaTeX commands, etc., you wish. The \\caption command allows you to title your table.
This word was considered to be an "unknown word" because it does not match any entry in the dictionary currently in use. It may also be a word in a foreign language. If the word is not misspelled, you may add it to the dictionary by clicking Add to Dictionary. If you do not want to add the unknown word to the dictionary, but you want to leave it unchanged, click Ignore or Ignore All. However, if the word is misspelled, you can try to find the correct replacement in the list below. If you cannot find a replacement there, you may type it in the text box below, and click Replace or Replace All.
When you start typing your commands, the command line auto-completion feature will make its offers according to what you choose in the & kcontrolcenter;. If you want to change the way auto-complete behaves in the current & krusader; session, right click on the command line and change it. To the left of the input line you can find the local path that the active panel is currently pointing to. This path is where your command will be executed. Typing cd & lt; directorygt; in the command line will also cause the active panel to point to this directory. Click here to view the command line keybindings.
The Ask, Accept, or Reject policy can be applied to a specific domain by clicking on the New... button, which brings up a dialog. In this dialog, you can type the name of the domain (with a leading dot), then select the policy you want to apply to this domain. Note that entries may also get added while you are browsing, if the default policy is to ask for confirmation, and you choose a general policy for a specific host (for example, by selecting Reject all cookies from this domain when asked to confirm a cookie).
The uppermost button in the above diagram toggles between playing and pausing the & CD;. The left button in the second row stops playing the & CD;. The right button in the second row ejects the & CD;. The two buttons in the third row skip forward (right) or backward (left) to the beginning of the next or previous track. The left button in the bottom row toggles random play order on and off; the right button in the bottom row toggles looping, so that the & CD; will start playing again from the beginning when the end of the last audio track is reached.
Start by going about three quarters the way up the ladder. The enemies run right. Run to the top in time to get one to fall through a false brick while the others run towards you. Go left, dig two holes to trap them, then run right, dig and fall to the bottom of the first small ladder on the right. The enemies should come down the long ladder and fill up the two false bricks at its foot. Dig and catch the third enemy on top of the thick brick area, then run to the second space from the bottom of the long ladder, next to a row of bricks. The enemy should run into the pits on the left.
You can compose your message as usual in the composer window of & kmail;. Before you send the message, check the Sign Message icon on the toolbar of the composer window; then, you can send the message. The identity you are using to write the current message needs to be connected to an OpenPGP Key in the Identity section of the Configure dialog. To sign the message, & kmail; needs to know your PGP passphrase: if you did not select Keep passphrase in memory in the Security section, & kmail; will ask you for it; otherwise, if you have already given the phrase to & kmail;, it will sign the message without any further prompt.
The Webslice Widget allows you to display a part of a webpage on your desktop or in a panel. The webslice is fully interactive. Specify the URL of the webpage in the URL field. In the Element to Show field, fill in a CSS identifier (for example #mybox for elements with the id "mybox"). This is the preferred method as it works best with layout changes on the webpage. Alternatively, you can specify a rectangle on the webpage to use as slice. Use "x, y, width, height" in pixels, for example "100,80,300,360". This method is a fallback for webpages that do not provide enough semantic markup for the above mechanism. If both methods (element and geometry) are used, the element will take precedence.
Once a widget style has been installed, it will be added to the list of available styles in the Style module in the & kcontrolcenter;. The Style tab allows you to select a widget style from the list and to configure it if the style has a Configure... feature. Different styles have different options. A preview of the selected style is available at the lower portion of the tab. The Effects tab controls different visual effects for some widgets like comboboxes and tooltips. The Toolbar tab gives some options on the general appearance of toolbars.
What can I do if I miss a feature? If you compiled KPhotoAlbum yourself, then please review the sections below to learn what to install to get the feature in question. If on the other hand you installed KPhotoAlbum from a binary package, please tell whoever made the package about this defect, eventually including the information from the section below. In case you are missing a feature and you did not compile KPhotoAlbum yourself, please do consider doing so. It really is n't that hard. If you need help compiling KPhotoAlbum, feel free to ask on the KPhotoAlbum mailing listThe steps to compile KPhotoAlbum can be seen on the KPhotoAlbum home page. If you have never compiled a KDE application, then please ensure that you have the developer packages installed, in most distributions they go under names like kdelibs-devel
This chapter will introduce you to & umbrello; 's user interface and will tell you all you need to know to start modelling. All actions in & umbrello; are accessible via the menu and the toolbars, but & umbrello; also makes extensive use of & RMB; context menus. You can & RMB; click on almost any element in & umbrello; 's work area or tree view to get a menu with the most useful functions that can be applied to the particular element you are working on. Some users find this a little confusing at the beginning because they are more used to working with the menu or tool bars, but once you get used to right clicking it will greatly speed up your work.
Depending on the amount of information you want to see you can select the corresponding options in this page. The changes you make here are only display options for the diagram. This means that hiding a class' operations only makes them not to be shown in the diagram, but the operation are still there as part of your model. This option is only available if you select the class properties from within a Diagram. If you open the class properties from the Tree View this page is missing since such Display Options do not make sense in that case
Enter the expression you want to search for here. If'regular expression 'is unchecked, any non-space letters in your expression will be escaped with a backslash character. Possible meta characters are:. - Matches any character ^ - Matches the beginning of a line $- Matches the end of a line \\lt; - Matches the beginning of a word \\gt; - Matches the end of a word The following repetition operators exist:? - The preceding item is matched at most once * - The preceding item is matched zero or more times + - The preceding item is matched one or more times {n} - The preceding item is matched exactly n times {n,} - The preceding item is matched n or more times {, n} - The preceding item is matched at most n times {n, m} - The preceding item is matched at least n, but at most m times. Furthermore, backreferences to bracketed subexpressions are available via the notation \\#. See the grep(1) documentation for the full documentation.
Another phenomenon that suggested the need for dark matter is the rotational curves of Spiral Galaxies. Spiral Galaxies contain a large population of stars that orbit the Galactic center on nearly circular orbits, much like planets orbit a star. Like planetary orbits, stars with larger galactic orbits are expected to have slower orbital speeds (this is just a statement of Kepler's 3rd Law). Actually, Kepler's 3rd Law only applies to stars near the perimeter of a Spiral Galaxy, because it assumes the mass enclosed by the orbit to be constant.
Not all applications that you start will eventually show a window, or an entry in the taskbar. Some of them, for example, are docked into the & kde; system tray. Alternatively, it might be that you sent it off to a different virtual desktop, and in the Filters section of the Task Manager Settings the option Only show tasks from the current desktop is checked. Setting a timeout ensures that, even in these cases, you can still get launch feedback, but also that it will go away when the job is done.
For my small office, I was looking for a long time for a PIM solution that let me share data, so my secretary and I can share contacts, appointments and so on. Being a & kde; user, I've heard about the Kroupware project and wait its completion. But when I saw how complicated is the architecture and setup of the Kolab server 1.0 (the server side of the project), I gave up, waiting for an easier to deploy Kolab 2.0. In any case, the Kolab stuff was clearly too much for my needs. Fortunately in the & kde; wiki I've found some piece of IRC conversation where they were talking about sharing data without the Kolab infrastructure... mmm so interesting!
Quality (interpolation)Select here the demosaicing RAW images decoding interpolation method. A demosaicing algorithm is a digital image process used to interpolate a complete image from the partial raw data received from the color-filtered image sensor internal to many digital cameras in form of a matrix of colored pixels. Also known as CFA interpolation or color reconstruction, another common spelling is demosaicing. There are 4 methods to demosaicing RAW images: Bilinear: use high-speed but low-quality bilinear interpolation (default - for slow computer). In this method, the red value of a non-red pixel is computed as the average of the adjacent red pixels, and similar for blue and green. VNG: use Variable Number of Gradients interpolation. This method computes gradients near the pixel of interest and uses the lower gradients (representing smoother and more similar parts of the image) to make an estimate. PPG: use Patterned Pixel Grouping interpolation. Pixel Grouping uses assumptions about natural scenery in making estimates. It has fewer color artifacts on natural images than the Variable Number of Gradients method. AHD: use Adaptive Homogeneity-Directed interpolation. This method selects the direction of interpolation so as to maximize a homogeneity metric, thus typically minimizing color artifacts.
On the right side a "overview"-column is visible left of the vertical scrollbar. It shows the compressed summary column of input" A ". All the differences and conflicts are visible at one glance. When only two input windows are used, then all differences appear red here because every difference is also a conflict. A black rectangle frames the visible part of the inputs. For very long input files, when the number of input lines is bigger than the height of the overview column in pixels, then several input lines share one overview line. A conflict then has top priority over simple differences, which have priority over no change, so that no difference or conflict is lost here. By clicking into this overview column the corresponding text will be shown.
If Automatic level adjustment is enabled, & ktouch; checks the given limits at the end of each level and decides whether to increase or decrease the level or stay in the level for another run. Level changes occur always at the end of a level (ie; when the user has finished the last line of a level). If the typing speed (in characters per minute) and accuracy (correctness) are both above or equal to the Limits to increase a level & ktouch; will jump to the next higher level. If either typing speed or accuracy falls below the Limits to decrease a level & ktouch; will jump back to the previous lower level.
Icons This module allows you to choose the icons for your desktop. To choose an icon theme, click on its name and apply your choice by pressing the "Apply" button below. If you do not want to apply your choice you can press the "Reset" button to discard your changes. By pressing the "Install New Theme" button you can install your new icon theme by writing its location in the box or browsing to the location. Press the "OK" button to finish the installation. The "Remove Theme" button will only be activated if you select a theme that you installed using this module. You are not able to remove globally installed themes here. You can also specify effects that should be applied to the icons.
When you are developing or following the development of a software project, you do not necessarily work with the main branch all the time. After a release, you may want to stay with the released branch for a while, to enjoy its relative stability, fix bugs, translate the sources, & etc; To do all that, you have to update to the released branch. All your files will be updated to the latest version of the files in that branch. After updating, all your new commits will be uploaded to the new branch as well.
In astronomy, we are concerned with how long it takes the Earth to spin with respect to the fixed stars, not the Sun. So, we would like a timescale that removes the complication of Earth's orbit around the Sun, and just focuses on how long it takes the Earth to spin 360 degrees with respect to the stars. This rotational period is called a Sidereal Day. On average, it is 4 minutes shorter than a Solar Day, because of the extra 1 degree the Earth spins in a Solar Day. Rather than defining a Sidereal Day to be 23 hours, 56 minutes, we define Sidereal Hours, Minutes and Seconds that are the same fraction of a Day as their Solar counterparts. Therefore, one Solar Second = 1.00278 Sidereal Seconds.
While all window decorations need to be compiled from source code, some window decorations can load pixmap-based theme files that do not need to be compiled. & kde; ships with a pixmap-based window decoration called the IceWM window decoration. Another pixmap-based window decoration is deKorator, which can be found on kde-look. org. Please refer to your distribution's documentation on how to install these. The advantage of using pixmap-based window decorations is it is relatively easy to make themes for them, by using images and editing a configuration file. The tradeoff is a slight loss of performance, while this may be unnoticeable on very fast systems.
Some languages are written right to left. When this option is enabled, & kdiff3; draws the text from right to left in the diff input windows and in the merge output window. Note that if you start & kdiff3; with the command line option "--reverse" then all layouting will be done right to left too. (This is a feature provided by Qt.) This documentation was written assuming that "Right To Left Language" or reverse layout are disabled. So some references to "left" or "right" must be replaced by their respective counterpart if you use these options.
ASCII TAB is the most widely used tabulature format in the Internet, there are numerous archives that host tabulatures in this format. It consists of a plain text file in which the tabulature is depicted using staves (with minus characters), numbers (digit characters) and effects (with various letters). Among them there could be occasional texts, playing directions, etc. There's no single standard for ASCII tabs, so sometimes it may be a hell amount of work to comprehend a screwed tabulature. Lots of information is often missing from ASCII tabs, most often - the rhythm and note durations information, that makes plainly impossible to play that tabulature if you've never heard the song before (and even if you did, it is n't always very clear how to do it).
This short overview of the configuration options gave you an introduction to the configuration possibilities of your chart, it is by no means complete. Different chart types like Bar, Line and Pie, have additional specialised configuration pages and you are welcome to look around, try different chart types and look at the configuration possibilities. Use the tooltips and read the What's This? help. To use the What's This? help simply click on the question mark on the window decoration and then click on the area of the configuration page you want get more information on.
If you are using an Overhead projector, learn how to use it beforehand. Make sure that the bulb works, that the spare bulb is still okay. Clean the lens and display plates. If you are not used to working with projectors, practice. Ensure that the projection screen itself is clean. It's probably best, when timing yourself, to allow for five seconds (count one thousand and one, one thousand and two....) to change each slide. That way you know you do n't have to rush. If you need to point at something on a slide, you can use a pointer and point at the display screen, find a laser pointer or put a pencil on the transparency itself. Be warned, these tend to roll out of place when you nudge the table.
The Phrases tab lets you define the automatically generated lines that are added to message replies, forwarded messages, and the character that is added in front of quoted text. There are special & percnt; -denoted characters that will insert certain values, which are also displayed at the top of the Phrases section. You can add reply phrases in languages other than your default & kde; language using the Add... button. You can then choose between different languages with the Language drop down box. This will only work for languages whose i18n package you have installed.
Checking this will cause & kppp; to terminate the ppp link, disconnect the modem, and terminate accounting in an orderly fashion, when the X-server shuts down. This is useful if you are prone to forgetting you are online, when you shut down the X-server, or if you simply do n't want to worry about manually disconnecting your session. If you do n't want & kppp; to hang up the modem on X-server exit, you should leave this checkbox empty. Beware that if you have accounting enabled, and you leave this option turned off, you will have an unterminated accounting entry in your logs, from each time the X-server exits and & kppp; terminates.
The list of debugging areas is sorted numerically, not alphabetically, so kio (127) comes before artskde (400). The numbers go up to 200000 or so, but there are really only 400 areas. You do n't have to scroll through the entire list to find the area you need, though. There is a line edit box at the top of the dialog where you can enter a part of the name of the area you want. The list of entries that is displayed is filtered to include only those debug areas that contain the text you have entered. & eg; entering k does not filter very much at all, but entering kont will show you just the & kontact; debugging areas. As an even quicker way of enabling or disabling debugging output, there are also select all and deselect all buttons which will cause & kde; to produce a mountain of debugging output, or very little.
When this option is off, & kmail; will ask for your passphrase each time you sign a message (before sending) or select an encrypted message; if you turn this option on, & kmail; will remember your passphrase from after your first successful input until you finish your & kmail; session. The passphrase is stored in memory and not written to the hard disk. If you use one of the Crypto-Plugins or if you use GnuPG with the gpg-agent then an external program will ask for your passphrase and optionally remember it for some time.
The above image is the dialog for the anchor tag. If you know & HTML; /XHTML;, then you should have noticed that all the attributes that you can use, in an anchor element, are available. Notice the tabs above for Main, Core and i18n, Events, and Focus, they hold all of the other attributes, according to their purpose, available to the anchor element. All you need do is: fill in the blanks for the attributes you want in your anchor, omit the attributes you do not want, and click OK. You now have a well formed anchor set down at the current cursor position.
This section allows you to add your own GUI Elements ('Widgets') to store your own values into %1. Proceed as described below: Click on 'Edit with Qt Designer' In the dialog, select 'Widget', then click OK Add your widgets to the form Save the file in the directory proposed by Qt Designer Close Qt Designer In case you already have a designer file (*. ui) located somewhere on your hard disk, simply choose 'Import Page' Important: The name of each input widget you place within the form must start with 'X_'; so if you want the widget to correspond to your custom entry 'X-Foo', set the widget's name property to 'X_Foo'. Important: The widget will edit custom fields with an application name of %2. To change the application name to be edited, set the widget name in Qt Designer.
RAW format. Some, typically more expensive, cameras support RAW format shooting. The RAW format is not really an image standard at all, it is a container format which is different for every brand and camera model. RAW format images contain minimally processed data from the image sensor of a digital camera or image scanner. Raw image files are sometimes called digital negatives, as they fulfill the same role as film negatives in traditional chemical photography: that is, the negative is not directly usable as an image, but has all of the information needed to create an image. Storing photographs in a camera's RAW format provides for higher dynamic range and allows you to alter settings, such as white balance, after the photograph has been taken. Most professional photographers use RAW format, because it offers them maximum flexibility. The downside is that RAW image files can be very large indeed.
Actually, we are not quite done yet. We should probably make sure that the display is using Equatorial coordinates before the script tracks the Moon with an accelerated time step. Otherwise, if the display is using Horizontal coordinates, it will rotate very quickly through large angles as the Moon rises and sets. This can be very confusing, and is avoided by setting the View Option UseAltAz to false. To change any View Option, use the changeViewOption function. Add this function to the script, and examine the Function Arguments panel. There is a combobox which contains the list of all options which can be adjusted by changeViewOption. Since we know we want the UseAltAz option, we could simply select it from the combobox. However, the list is quite long, and there is no explanation of what each item is for. It therefore may be easier to press the Browse Tree button, which will open a window containing a tree view of the available options, organized by topic. In addition, each item has a short explanation of what the option does, and the data type of the option's value. We find UseAltAz under the Skymap options category. Just highlight this item and press OK, and it will be selected in the combobox of the Function Arguments panel. Finally, make its value false or 0.
Special thanks: To the & kde; and & Qt; developers for providing the world with a peerless set of free API libraries. To the KDevelop team, for their excellent IDE, which made developing & kstars; so much easier and more fun. To everyone on the KDevelop message board, the & kde; mailing lists, and on irc. kde. org, for answering our frequent questions. Thank you to Anne-Marie Mahfouf, for inviting & kstars; to join the & kde; -Edu module. Finally, thanks to everyone who has submitted bug reports and other feedback. Thank you, everyone.
The merge output editor window also has a summary column on the left. It shows the letter of the input from which a line was selected or nothing if all three sources where equal on a line. For conflicts it shows a questionmark "?" and the line shows "lt; Merge Conflictgt;", all in red. Because solving conflicts line by line would take very long, the lines are grouped into groups that have the same difference and conflict characteristics. But only-white-space-conflicts are separated from non-white-space-conflicts in order to ease the merging of files were the indentation changed for many lines.
This option changes the rules to the point where it almost becomes a completely different game. When it is active, you can only remove the tiles if they can be connected by a line consisting of only two segments instead of the customary three. However, you are allowed to slide the tiles on the board, if the row or column where they are placed has some empty space. To make a sliding move, you have to click on the tile containing the column or row that can slide, and then on the matching tile. If there are two possible sliding moves, you will have to click on one of the two connecting lines to chose your preferred move.
No, & krusader; does not need the & kde; window manager to run on your computer but & krusader; 's natural environment is & kde;, because it relies on services provided by the & kde; base libraries. Only some shared libraries are needed & eg; & kde; libraries, & Qt; libraries, & etc; This means that & krusader; runs on GNOME, AfterStep, XFce and other window managers provided the appropriate libraries are installed on your computer. All this is not a problem since the apt-get world can resolve these dependencies instantly.
Specify how the window property should be affected: Do Not Affect: The window property will not be affected and therefore the default handling for it will be used. Specifying this will block more generic window settings from taking effect. Apply Initially: The window property will be only set to the given value after the window is created. No further changes will be affected. Remember: The value of the window property will be remembered and every time time the window is created, the last remembered value will be applied. Force: The window property will be always forced to the given value. Apply Now: The window property will be set to the given value immediately and will not be affected later (this action will be deleted afterwards). Force temporarily: The window property will be forced to the given value until it is hidden (this action will be deleted after the window is hidden).
The for loop is a counting loop, & ie; it keeps count for you. The first number sets the variable to the value in the first loop. Every loop the number is increased until the second number is reached. for $x = 1 to 10 {print $x * 7 forward 15} Every time the code between the brackets is executed the $x is increased by 1, until x reaches the value of 10. The code between the brackets prints the $x multiplied by 7. After this program finishes its execution you will see the times table of 7 on the canvas.
You will need to have the Kipi JPEG Lossless Plugin installed for the rotation features. If you do not have this plugin installed you can still rotate your photographs, but you have use the Image Editor. The Image Editor uses a different method of rotating an image, you may not notice any difference but the Image Editor method can cause some loss of quality in the photograph when saving the picture as JPEG. The rotation methods described here uses the Kipi JPEG Lossless Plugin which preserve the quality in the original photograph.
When you change a setting, the active profile is modified. The ATZ command will have the modem load the default profile, erasing any changes you have made. To save changes, Load the profile you want to change via ATZ n (where n is the profile number). Make the changes you want, then save it with ATamp; W n. To have kppp use the profile you want, change the modem initialization string (Setup Modem Modem Commands Initialization String.) For example ATZ1 will have the kppp reset the modem and use stored profile #1.
Device target crosshair: When checked, KStars displays the telescope's target crosshair on the sky map. The crosshair is displayed upon a successful connection to the telescope and its location is updated periodically. The telescope's name is displayed next to the crosshair. KStars displays one crosshair per each connected telescope. To change the color of the telescope's crosshair, open the Configure KStars window. Select the Colors tab, and then change the color of the Target Indicator item to the desired color.
Trace Part List This list shows all trace parts of the loaded trace. For each part, the self/ inclusive cost of the current selected function, spent in the part, is shown; percentage costs are always relative to the total cost of the part (not to the whole trace as in the Trace Part Overview). Also shown are the calls happening to/ from the current function inside of the trace part. By choosing one or more trace parts from the list, the costs shown all over KCachegrind will only be the ones spent in the selected part(s). If no list selection is shown, in fact all trace parts are selected implicitly. This is a multi-selection list. You can select ranges by dragging the mouse or use SHIFT/ CTRL modifiers. Selection/ Deselection of trace parts can also be done by using the Trace Part Overview Dockable. This one also supports multiple selection. Note that the list is hidden if only one trace part is loaded.
Setting the View Mode to Tree View can help you locate folders in the tree below the current folder; in this mode each folder is shown with a small box at the left. If the box contains a + sign, left clicking on the box (not on the folder name or icon) will display a sub tree showing files and subfolders contained in that folder. The small box will then change to show a - sign. Left click on that to collapse the sub tree. Once you have found the folder you are looking for, left click on the folder name or icon to open it.
It is possible to write simple scripts that do not need user interaction, and it's also possible to make scripts with comfortable GUIs that act like little applications of their own. For GUI programming one of the many bindings which KDE provides can be used, for instance RubyQt, a Qt library binding for Ruby. However, it is worth noting that not every user has all available bindings installed. If you decide to use a binding, try to use one of the relatively wide spread ones (e. g. RubyQt or PyQt).
It features a client/ server architecture that allows monitoring of local as well as remote hosts. The graphical front end uses so-called sensors to retrieve the information it displays. A sensor can return simple values or more complex information like tables. For each type of information, one or more displays are provided. Displays are organized in worksheets that can be saved and loaded independently from each other. So, & ksysguard; is not only a simple task manager but also a very powerful tool to control large server farms.
Now you have to dig to get the gold! Just use the left and right mouse buttons to dig left or right of the hero's position. The hero can then jump into and through the hole he has dug. He can also dig several holes in a row and run sideways through the dug holes. Be careful though. After a while the holes close up and you can get trapped and killed. In the third box down, you have to dig two holes, jump in and quickly dig one more, to get through two layers. On the right, you have to dig three, then two then one to get through. There are also two little puzzles to work out along the way. Good luck! By the way, you can dig through brick, but not concrete.
& kicker; is the application launcher panel of the K Desktop Environment. By default, it appears along the bottom of the screen, and takes up the whole of the width of the screen, but this is configurable. & kicker; is something of a one-stop shop for (almost!) everything that you might want quick access to. Besides the & kicon; Menu, where you can start applications, & kicker; is also capable of running docked applets like the pager, the taskbar or the clock, and extensions, such as child panels. With all these options, you will probably want to configure & kicker; so that it works best for you. The next section describes some common ways to customize the panel.
A note of caution has to be sounded about the accuracy of the numbers. We have included some logic to get a good estimate, & eg; K\\"uhler gives one word and one command, with six resp. two characters. But there are other combinations in which parts of commands are counted as words and vice versa. It is also implied that the algorithm was developed and tested for languages similar to English or German. So do n't take the numbers for granted. If you have to make an report with an exact numbers of words or characters, make some tests to check whether & kile; 's accuracy satisfies your needs.
Color Similarity is how similar the colors of different pixels must be, for operations to consider them to be the same. If you set it to something other than Exact Match, you can work more effectively with dithered images and photos, in a comparable manner to the "Magic Wand" feature of other paint programs. This feature applies to: Selections: In Transparent mode, any color in the selection that is similar to the background color will be made transparent. Flood Fill: For regions with similar - but not identical - colored pixels, a higher setting is likely to fill more pixels. Color Eraser: Any pixel whose color is similar to the foreground color will be replaced with the background color. Autocrop and Remove Internal Border: For borders with similar - but not identical - colored pixels, a higher setting is more likely to crop the whole border. Higher settings mean that operations consider an increased range of colors to be sufficiently similar so as to be the same. Therefore, you should increase the setting if the above operations are not affecting pixels whose colors you consider to be similar enough. However, if they are having too much of an effect and are changing pixels whose colors you do not consider to be similar (e. g. if Flood Fill is changing too many pixels), you should decrease this setting. To configure it, click on the cube.
This formats your cell content as date and time. To enter a date and a time, you should enter it in the Time format set in KControl in Regional & Accessibility - > Time & Dates. In the Cell Format dialog box you can set how the time should be displayed by choosing one of the available date format options. The default format is the system format set in KControl. When the number in the cell does not make sense as a date and time, KSpread will display 00:00 in the global format you have in KControl.
So far, we have only discussed the case where edits and unedits are used voluntarily be the developers. In addition & CVS; supports a model which enforces the usage of these commands. The responsible command to switch to this model is cvs watch on which we will not explain further because it is mostly used by the administrator of the repository. However, the important point from the developer's point of view is that when the project enforces edits, working copies are checked out readonly. That means you cannot edit a file by default (unless you use tricks like chmod). Only when you use Advanced Edit Files, the file becomes writable. It is made read-only again when you commit the file or use Advanced Unedit Files.
In the configuration dialog of the POP account you can enable download filtering by checking the Filter messages if they are greater than box; once you have done that, you can specify a size which is used as a threshold: messages exceeding this size will be checked against the filter rules you defined -- if no filter rule matches, they will be shown in a confirmation dialog and you can decide what to do with them. The default size for filtering is 50,000 Bytes; this is a good value as the overhead is kept to a minimum -- every message that is looked at by the filter causes additional traffic because the header of the message is downloaded twice. The default action is Download mail to prevent the loss of messages.
When you first open & konqueror; in file management mode, you can see two panes: on the right is the folder view; on the left is the sidebar. The folder view contains icons for each item inside the current folder. These items can be folders or files. Many file types can be previewed without opening a new application to edit them in. Previews To preview a file, hold the mouse cursor over the name of the file for about a second: a popup window will appear, showing the contents of the file and other some useful information, like file's size and which user owns the file.
If & latex; writes a & DVI; without problems, but you cannot view it, it is almost certainly because of some problems in the automatic generation of *. pk fonts. They are supposed to be generated on the fly when viewing a & DVI; file, but this might fail for a number of reasons: double-check ttfonts. map for your custom line first. However, it might happen that your ttf2pk command, which is usually invoked by the & DVI; viewer, has been compiled without support for the kpathsea libraries. If this is the case, ttf2pk --version will make no mention of kpathsea. As support for these libraries is necessary, you might have to find a new package, or recompile FreeType 1 by yourself.
& appname; provides some capability for automatic formatting of field values. The simplest is auto-capitalization, which capitalizes every word except the articles. Title formatting moves certain articles from the beginning to the end of the field, for example, changing "The Return of the King" to "Return of the King, The". The title articles are configurable. Finally, name formatting tries to break up the string so that the last, or family, name of the person is shown first. Name prefixes and suffixes are configurable. Also, the special People group uses all fields with name formatting, even if the global setting is turned off.
Click the Handle tab order automatically check box to set the automatic tab order for the form. If this option has been switched on, any changes made to the list of widgets by hand are not taken into account - & kexi; will be handling the tab orders on its own. The automatic ordering means that the top-left widget will be focused first (or the top-right if your operating system uses right-to-left layout), and the order comes from the left to right (from the right to left, respectively) and from the top to bottom.
If this option is checked, K3b will add additional Joliet extensions to the ISO-9660 file system. Joliet is not an accepted independent international standard like ISO-9660 or Rock Ridge. It is mainly used on Windows systems. Joliet does not allow all characters, so the Joliet filenames are not identical to the filenames on disk (as compared to Rock Ridge). Joliet has a filename length limitation of 64 chars (independent from the character coding and type e. g. European vs. Japanese). This is inconvenient, as modern file systems all allow 255 characters per path name component. Joliet uses UTF-16 coding. Caution: With the exception of Linux and FreeBSD, there is no POSIX-like OS that supports Joliet. So never create Joliet-only CDs or DVDs for that reason.
Usually binary packages that are been used by your distribution do not contain debug information. Since we usually only develop and fix & krusader; -cvs, compile & krusader; -cvs in debugmode and install it, than check if the bug still exist. $cmake -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=debugfull Install valgrind, a suite of tools for debugging and profiling & Linux; programs. Run Valgrind/ krusader; $valgrind --tool=memcheck {foo_path}/ krusader The valgrind tool will write to stdout, what really happens. If you could send these informations before the crash, it's almost sure, that we may fix or tell you what to do.
The Form WindowUse the various tools to add widgets or to change the layout and behavior of the components in the form. Select one or multiple widgets to move them or lay them out. If a single widget is chosen it can be resized using the resize handles. Changes in the Property Editor are visible at design time, and you can preview the form in different styles. You can change the grid resolution, or turn the grid off in the Preferences dialog from the Edit menu. You can have several forms open, and all open forms are listed in the Form List.
A feature-rich image viewer, written for & kde;, which can display numerous formats, including JPEG, PNG, [animated] GIF and MNG. It consists of a tree-view frame, a directory/ preview frame, and a view frame. The (larger) view frame can be exchanged with the (smaller) directory/ preview frame. It can preview and display images from multiple directories and search for identical images. ShowImg also features a full-screen mode, zooming, sorting, drag and drop with & konqueror;, and support for images in compressed archives.
This option specifies how much KWin will try to prevent unwanted focus stealing caused by unexpected activation of new windows. (Note: This feature does not work with the Focus Under Mouse or Focus Strictly Under Mouse focus policies.) None: Prevention is turned off and new windows always become activated. Low: Prevention is enabled; when some window does not have support for the underlying mechanism and KWin cannot reliably decide whether to activate the window or not, it will be activated. This setting may have both worse and better results than the medium level, depending on the applications. Medium: Prevention is enabled. High: New windows get activated only if no window is currently active or if they belong to the currently active application. This setting is probably not really usable when not using mouse focus policy. Extreme: All windows must be explicitly activated by the user. Windows that are prevented from stealing focus are marked as demanding attention, which by default means their taskbar entry will be highlighted. This can be changed in the Notifications control module.
For messages generated by fatal errors, it is generally a bad idea to choose None or Syslog, since in both cases you most likely will not see the message and the application that encounters the fatal error will vanish without leaving a clue as to why it vanishes. Whether or not the application will vanish on fatal errors can be controlled by the checkbox abort on fatal errors, which is checked by default & mdash; but you might expect an application to crash (in a messy fashion) if a fatal error is encountered anyway.
In order to change clipboard/ selection behavior, select Configure Klipper... from the & klipper; pop-up menu, and in the dialog box that appears, select the General tab. Selecting Separate clipboard and selection makes the clipboard and selection function as completely separate buffers as described above. With this option set, the option Ignore selection will prevent & klipper; from including the contents of the selection in its clipboard history and from performing actions on the contents of the selection. Selecting Synchronize contents of the clipboard and the selection causes the clipboard and selection buffers to always be the same, meaning that text in the selection can be pasted with either the middle mouse button or the key combination Ctrl; V, and similarly for text in the clipboard buffer.
This dialog will allow you to specify a MySQL account that has the necessary permissions to access the Krecipes MySQL database. Most users that use Krecipes and MySQL for the first time can just leave the default parameters and press'Next '. If you set a MySQL root password before, or you have already permissions as normal user, click on the appropriate option. Otherwise the account'root' will be used, with no password. [For security reasons, we strongly encourage you to setup a MySQL root password if you have not done so yet. Just type as root: mysqladmin password your_password]
All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/ or other materials provided with the distribution. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ` ` AS ISapos; apos; AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
The wizard now shows the text you entered with all placeholders replaced by something like argument 1. Selecting the property connected to a certain argument is done by first clicking on the argument in question. Then click on the object that you need and that has this property, and then select the property itself in the popup menu that appears. For instance, in the example above, you would click argument 1, click on the correct segment in the main & kig; window, and select the property Length. Afterwards, you can fill in the rest of the variable parts, or select another property for one of the variable parts if you wish to change it. When you are ready, click the Finish button to complete the construction of the text label.
A field is defined by its title, type, category, description, and possibly a default value or some allowed values. The title is used everywhere to refer to the field in the user interface. The Entry Editor uses it to prompt for values. The Column View uses it as a column header. The different types of fields are explained in the Field Types section. The description is used as a tooltip in the Entry Editor, perhaps to provide an explanation of the field's contents. In addition, for fields with derived values, a value template is used to format the field's value. The default value is automatically added when creating a new entry. The list of allowed values for Choice fields should be separated by a semi-colon.
This pane lists header information (message Status Flags, Sender, Subject, Date, and other optional columns like Size, Attachment Flag, Important Flag, etc.) for the messages in the currently selected folder. Clicking on a header will select that message and display it in the Message pane; you can also select more than one message by holding down the & Ctrl; key when clicking on messages. You may sort the messages by clicking on the column that you wish to sort; if you click on the same column more than once, sort order will toggle between ascending/ descending and some alternative sorting criteria will become available (like sorting by Status when you click on the header of the Subject column). Clicking the right mousebutton on the list header shows a popup menu, which allows to show or hide several columns in the list.
The various keys on the number pad move in the direction you would expect. Note that you can move diagonally as well as up, down, left and right. The 5 key emulates a click to a pointer button, typically & LMB;. You change which button is emulated by using the / key (which makes it & LMB;), * key (which makes it & MMB;) and - (which makes it & RMB;). Using the + emulates a double click to the selected pointer button. You can use the 0 key to emulate holding down the selected pointer button (for easy dragging), and then use the. to emulate releasing the selected pointer button.
This tab enables you to set Cell Protection. All cells are protected by default (that means cell content cannot be changed) and for the cell protection to be active you also need to protect the sheet using the Tools - > Protect Document - > Protect Sheet... menu and to provide a password. You can also hide the cell formula in order to protect the way you calculate the formula. This also needs to enable sheet protection to work. You can hide the cell content with Hide all and again this needs sheet protection. You can learn more about all these settings in the User Manual in the Advanced KSpread chapter.
The Message Structure Viewer option lets you choose when the structure viewer will be shown: the structure viewer is a part of the main window that lets you access all parts of a message. Show never will disable the structure viewer (note that you can still access attachments as icons), Show always will show the structure viewer even if there is only one plaintext part. Show only for non-plaintext messages will display the structure viewer only if it makes sense, & ie; if the current message has attachments or has & html; parts.
Raw printer queues are those which do n't touch the print file to transform it to a different file format. You need this for example when printing from & Windows; clients via Samba through a & CUPS; server to a PCL printer: in this case the & Windows; side printer driver would generate the finished print file format for the target printer and filtering it through & CUPS; filters would only harm the purpose. Under certain circumstances (if you want to make sure that the file goes to the printer unfiltered by & CUPS;) the lpadmin without a & PPD; comes in handy.
The settings are divided into several major categories, which each contain several pages of settings. To display a settings page, expand the major category by clicking on the + button next to it, and then click on the name of the page you want. The settings page then appears on the right, and you can change settings to your heart's content. No changes take effect until you click on the Apply button. If you decide, after making some changes, that you want to leave the settings as they were, just click on Reset.
For instance, suppose your project contains text files and some PNG images (binary files) only. You can tell & CVS; to ignore all files with the pattern *. png while importing the other files as text, or you can move the images to a separate folder, and then import the remaining files (as text files). Either way, you will have to checkout the newly imported module to a new working copy, copy the missing files and folders to it, add and commit them to the repository to complete the import process.
When you start & kturtle; you will see something like this: Here is a screenshot of & kturtle; when you start it for the first time kturtle; on a fresh start In this Getting Started guide we assume that the language of the & turtlescript; commands is English. You can change this language with Settings Script Language. Be aware that the language you set here for & kturtle; is the one you use to type the & turtlescript; commands, not the language used by & kde; on your computer and used to display the & kturtle; interface and menus.
You can change the appearance of window borders, titlebars and buttons in & kde; using window decorations. Some window decorations even have the capability to apply effects such as translucency. Window decorations must be able to do all these without sacrificing speed and performance. This is the reason why window decorations come in source code that must be compiled, or as binary packages that must be installed. Basically, Window decorations are plugins or small programs that instruct & kwin;, & kde; 's Window Manager, how to display window frames.
Again, there is a big difference between removing an object from a diagram, and deleting an object from your model: If you delete an object from within a diagram, you are only removing the object from that particular diagram: the element will still be part of your model and if there are other diagrams using the same element they will not suffer any change. If, on the other hand, you delete the element from the Tree View, you are actually deleting the element from your model. Since the element no longer exist in your model, it will be automatically removed from all the diagrams it appears in.
& killbots; is a simple game of evading killer robots. Who created the robots and why they have been programmed to destroy, no one knows. All that is known is that the robots are numerous and their sole objective is to destroy you. Fortunately for you, their creator has focused on quantity rather than quality and as a result the robots are severely lacking in intelligence. Your superior wit and a fancy teleportation device are your only weapons against the never-ending stream of mindless automatons.
When you are doing the presentation do not accidently look into the light, it's easy to do. If you are not going to use the machine for a few minutes, turn it off. Practise to get where you are going to stand sorted out. Check the room you intend to use for electrical sockets and learn how the blinds work and where the light switches are. Good preparation not only makes you less likely to make mistakes (inanimate things can be a nightmare in front of an audience) but also gives you confidence. Always have a Plan B ready if something refuses to work. Have a paper copy of your slides with you. You can photocopy and distribute these to your audience if the equipment fails.
To test your form, switch to its data view. A single database row (record) of data will be displayed and a text cursor will be set inside the first data field. You can move between fields using the & LMB; or the Tab and Shift; Tab; keys. While editing, there will be a pencil icon visible near the record navigator. After entering the row's (record) data you can press the Shift; Enter; keys or click the OK toolbar button to accept changes made to the current row. Clicking the Cancel toolbar button discards changes made to the current row and restores the contents of the data fields. You can use the record navigator's button to move to a new row. All the navigator's functions are also available in a similar way as in the data table view.
First of all, load the stream into the playlist. There are several ways to do this. You can simply click on a Stream-Playlist URL in Konqueror; & amarok; will then automatically open the stream. E. g. on shoutcast. com, click on the "Tune In" button. Or you can use the "Add Media" function to load a stream. Once the stream is loaded, you can save it by right-clicking on "Current Playlist" in the Playlist-Browser, then select "Save", and give it a meaningful name. The Stream will then be added to the Playlist-Browser view for later reference.
The FLOOR() function rounds x down (towards zero) to the nearest multiple of Significance. \tThe default value for Significance is 1, if x is positive. It is -1, if the value is negative, \twhich means rounding up to the nearest integer. \tIf mode is given and not equal to zero, the amount of x is rounded toward zero to a multiple \tof significance and then the sign applied. Otherwise, it rounds toward negative infinity. \tIf any of the two parameters x or Significance is zero, the result is zero.
WARNING! Overclocking may make your system unstable and/ or cause data loss! It is even possible to destroy your graphics card or reduce its lifetime! ATI/ AMD's Overdrive(TM) disclaimer states: Overclocking to high/ maximum clock value cannot be guaranteed to work depending on the actual ASIC. Hard hangs, corruption, or application failures are valid results that may be observed if a higher clock value is set than the ASIC can handle. If you confirm this you accept that you are the only person responsible for your actions! Are you sure you want to enable overclocking?
You move by clicking on a vacant square or one you already own. If you click on a vacant square, you gain ownership over it and the square s color changes to your playing color. Each time you click on a square, the value of the square increases by one. If the square's value reaches a maximum, its points are distributed among the square s immediate neighbors (the points jump around). If a neighboring square happens to be owned by the other player, it gets taken over, together with all of its points, and changes to your playing color.
Local Network Browsing Here you setup your "Network Neighborhood". You can use either the LISa daemon and the lan: / ioslave, or the ResLISa daemon and the rlan: / ioslave. About the LAN ioslave configuration: If you select it, the ioslave, if available, will check whether the host supports this service when you open this host. Please note that paranoid people might consider even this to be an attack. Always means that you will always see the links for the services, regardless of whether they are actually offered by the host. Never means that you will never have the links to the services. In both cases you will not contact the host, so nobody will ever regard you as an attacker. More information about LISa can be found at the LISa Homepage or contact Alexander Neundorf & lt; neundorf@kde. org gt;.
In this case only the Help menu is visible and all other menu items like & eg; File and Select are missing. This is because some distributions put the krusaderui. rc file in the wrong directory. To solve the problem, just copy the krusaderui. rc file from the package krusader_kde3/ krusader/ krusaderui. rc to $KDEDIR/ share/ apps/ krusader/ krusaderui. rc and ~/. kde/ share/ apps/ krusader/ krusaderui. rc and re-run & krusader;. If you have compiled & krusader; from sources this is often caused if the KDEDIR - QTDIR environment variables are not correctly set. The result is that the krusaderui. rc file is installed in the wrong directory. Please read the following question, as well.
You can set here how aggressively & konqueror; keeps the cache up to date. Keep cache in sync means that & konqueror; will hit the cache for all objects, downloading them if they are not there, and then display the item from the cache. Use cache whenever possible means that & konqueror; will try the cache, and if an object is not there, it will directly download it for display. Offline browsing mode means that & konqueror; will try the cache, and if an object is not there, it will not attempt to download it from the Internet.
& kate; is capable of having more than one document open at the same time, and also of splitting the editing area into any number of frames, similar to how for example & konqueror; or the popular emacs text editor works. This way you can view several documents at the same time, or more instances of the same document, handy for example if your document contains definitions in the top that you want to see often for reference. Or you could view a program source header in one frame, while editing the implementation file in another.
If this option is selected, the Tab key either indents the current line or advances to the next tab position. If the insertion point is at or before the first non-space character in the line, or if there is a selection, the current line is indented by the number of character positions specified in Indentation width. If the insertion point is located after the first non-space character in the line and there is no selection, white space is inserted so that the next tab postion is reached: if the option Insert spaces instead of tabulators in the section Editing is enabled, spaces are inserted; otherwise, a single tabulator is inserted.
Getting the gold requires multiple digs in the right places. However, see the next paragraph. To get out, you have to get the enemy to go over the top of the 1 and fill the pit at the bottom. There are three ways to do this. The first and most sensible is to wait on the pole above the top right edge of the 1 until the enemy is almost upon you and then move to the right, digging to your right as you reach the bottom of the 1. The second way involves timing your digging for the gold (or where the gold was); moving onto the gold at the right time will cause the enemy to fall into the pit on the right of the 1. The third way is to destroy the enemy and hope he reappears over the right side of the 1.
KPhotoAlbum was unable to load a default setup, which indicates an installation error If you have installed KPhotoAlbum yourself, then you must remember to set the environment variable KDEDIRS, to point to the topmost installation directory. If you for example ran configure with --prefix=/ usr/ local/ kde, then you must use the following environment variable setup (this example is for Bash and compatible shells): export KDEDIRS=/ usr/ local/ kde In case you already have KDEDIRS set, simply append the string as if you where setting the PATH environment variable
At top centre dig two bricks. As they re-appear, dig two more, run across the top and dig next to the short ladder. Drop in and collect the gold. You have no time to spare! Clear the bottom left last. To go right, fall into a false brick under a short ladder, then climb along just under the concrete. In the middle of the right hand side, stand under the right hand bar next to the hole, dig left, drop into a false brick, then dig twice more, moving down and left. Lastly, stand on the short ladder, dig your escape brick on the right, run like mad round to the hole, drop in, collect the gold, fall through some bricks and dig again to escape.
If you were using subfolders under & Netscape; (eg; a main folder called Work with subfolders called Jim and Nancy), there are additional steps required. First, create the main folder (Work) in & kmail; and create a temporary child folder under it (by right-clicking on the folder name and selecting Create child folder); it does not matter what you call this folder -- dummy or the default unnamed, for example. Once a child folder has been requested, & kmail; creates a hidden folder in ~/ Mail called (in this example). Work. directory. You can then copy your & Netscape; subfolder files (Jim and Nancy) into ~/ Mail/. Work. directory, and restart & kmail;; the child folders will appear under the main folder Work. Of course, this procedure may be extended for sub-subfolders, to any depth. (You can remove the temporary child folders afterwards, unless it amuses you to have a Work subfolder called dummy.)
The signature file is a simple text file, which should not contain more than four lines; it can, for example, contain a reference to your homepage with the corresponding link, your postal address with your telephone number (which would then be of course visible to the whole world with every article) or just a cool quote. The signature is your brand, so to speak, which will mark all your articles; therefore, your signature should not be designed sloppily or in the long run annoying to others: an old joke that one would have to read over and over again does not foster sympathy or the interest of the other newsgroup subscribers.
Enter the URI that is used to perform a search on the search engine here. The whole text to be searched for can be specified as \\{@} or \\{0}. Recommended is \\{@}, since it removes all query variables (name=value) from the resulting string, whereas \\{0} will be substituted with the unmodified query string. You can use \\{1}... \\{n} to specify certain words from the query and \\{name} to specify a value given by'name=value 'in the user query. In addition it is possible to specify multiple references (names, numbers and strings) at once (\\{name1, name2,..., "string"}). The first matching value (from the left) will be used as the substitution value for the resulting URI. A quoted string can be used as the default value if nothing matches from the left of the reference list.
You can score an article or a thread manually with the right mouse button or with the Scoring menu & mdash; here you can score with Watch Thread and Ignore Thread directly. Apart from scoring manually you can let & knode; score the articles with scoring rules automatically; you can configure these rules at Settings Configure KNode... Reading News Scoring or at Scoring Edit scoring rules... & mdash; the only difference between these dialogs is that the last one has the rule-list next to the rule configuration. In the following guide I'm using the editor that appears if Scoring Edit scoring rules... is chosen.
First of all, please make sure that you have added & kde; 's binary installation folder (eg; / usr/ local/ kde/ bin) to your PATH and & kde; 's library installation folder to your LD_LIBRARY_PATH (only necessary on systems that do not support rpath; on & Linux; & ELF;, it should work without). This environment variable may be called differently on some systems, & eg; it is called SHLIB_PATH on & IRIX;. Then set the environment variable KDEDIR to the base of your & kde; tree, & eg; / usr/ local/ kde.
Sometimes you want to offer your modifications for review, before committing them, or you do not have write access to the repository (therefore you cannot commit). & CVS; offers standard formats to share the modifications in your working copy, so other people can review your changes, test them in their working copy and apply them to the & CVS; repository. A file containing these differences is called a patch, and is generated by the cvs diff command, in the same way as the differences in. Sharing patches instead of sets of files requires less bandwidth, and patches are easier to handle, as you can send only one patch file containing all the differences from many source files.
If the name of the original file is foo, then the name of the smaller files will be foo.000 foo.001 foo.002 & etc; There is no theoretical limit in the number of smaller files, but it is recommended to limit the number to a maximum of 1023 files. & krusader; creates a foo. crc file. This file contains the name, size and the crc checksum of the original file. It is possible to combine the file without the foo. crc file but in this case & krusader; cannot check if the original file was recreated correctly.
Set the ISO-9660 conformance level. Level 1: Files may only consist of one section and filenames are restricted to 8.3 characters. Level 2: Files may only consist of one section. Level 3: No restrictions. With all ISO-9660 levels, all filenames are restricted to upper case letters, numbers and the underscore (_). The maximum filename length is 31 characters, the directory nesting level is restricted to 8 and the maximum path length is limited to 255 characters. (These restrictions may be violated with the additional ISO-9660 features K3b offers.)
Other revision control systems - like RCS and SourceSafe use a different model. When a developer wants to a edit a file, he has to lock it. Only one developer at a time can a lock a file. When he has finished editing, the lock is released. On the one hand, with this model, conflicts can never happen. On the other hand, two developers cannot work on the same file at the same time, even when their changes do not affect each other. This can be a bottleneck. We are not going to discuss the organizational benefits of both approaches. Nevertheless we mention that although & CVS; has some support for locking, it is not the preferred way of working with & CVS;. You should not use these features unless you are sure that your project manager allows them.
When you bring new images to your collection, you might not have time right away to categorize them (i. e. specify People, Places, etc.). Therefore, you might later want to find those images which have not yet been categorized. Here is what I do. I use the keyword OK, which I set on images, once I've categorized them (i. e. just like you may have a keyword for Summer Party or Interrail trip 1990, you now have a keyword OK). To find uncategorized images, I choose the Search item from the browser, and in the keywords field, I type! OK. This will find all images which do not have the OK item.
This shows all the people in the channel. The nick for each person is shown, with a picture showing their status. This person has administrator privileges. This person is a channel owner. This person is a channel operator. This person is a channel half-operator. This person has voice, and can therefore talk in a moderated channel. This person does not have any special privileges. This indicates that this person is currently away. The meaning of admin, owner and halfop varies between different IRC servers. Hovering over any nick shows their current status. See the Konversation Handbook for more information.
Select in this list the synchronization type that KPilot will use as default. Possible values are: "HotSync", to run all selected conduits, and sync the databases with a modified flag set, updating the modified records only; "FullSync" to run all selected conduits, and sync all databases, reading all records, and performing a full backup; "Copy PC to handheld" to run all conduits and sync all databases, but instead of merging the information from both sources, copy the PC data to the handheld; "Copy handheld to PC" to run all conduits and sync all databases, but instead of merging the information from both sources, copy the handheld data to the PC.
Watchglasses are round glass panes with a diameter of around 5 - 10cm, used in various experimental techniques. The border is bent upwards to allow the watchglass to hold small amounts of liquids in order to let them evaporate. The evaporation can be accelerated by heating the watchglass with a Bunsen burner. Watchglasses can also be used to cover Petri dishes or beakers, and are also suited to weighing small amounts of matter or drying them in an airing cupboard. The term watchglass is derived from the former pocket watches' protection glass which was often domed.
Please note that this feature can cause some POP3 servers that do not support pipelining to send corrupted mail; this is configurable, though, because some servers support pipelining but do not announce their capabilities. To check whether your POP3 server announces pipelining support use the "Check What the Server Supports" button at the bottom of the dialog; if your server does not announce it, but you want more speed, then you should do some testing first by sending yourself a batch of mail and downloading it.
kurt@transmeta: ~ > tail / var/ log/ cups/ page_log GIMP_print_stp_HP kdetest 201 [03/ Aug/ 2001:03:18:03 +0100] 4 1 GIMP_print_stp_HP kdetest 201 [03/ Aug/ 2001:03:18:03 +0100] 5 1 GIMP_print_stp_HP kdetest 202 [03/ Aug/ 2001:11:46:49 +0100] 1 1 GIMP_print_stp_HP kdetest 203 [03/ Aug/ 2001:11:46:54 +0100] 1 1 DANKA_infotec_P450 kurt 204 [04/ Aug/ 2001:03:29:00 +0100] 1 33 DANKA_infotec_P450 kurt 204 [04/ Aug/ 2001:03:29:00 +0100] 2 33 DANKA_infotec_P450 kurt 204 [04/ Aug/ 2001:03:29:00 +0100] 3 33 DANKA_infotec_P450 kurt 204 [04/ Aug/ 2001:03:29:00 +0100] 4 33 DANKA_infotec_P450 root 205 [04/ Aug/ 2001:19:12:34 +0100] 1 14 DANKA_infotec_P450 root 206 [04/ Aug/ 2001:19:15:20 +0100] 1 1
Turn Text Printing with Syntax Highlighting (Prettyprint) On. ASCII text file printouts can be'prettyfied 'by enabling this option. If you do so, a header is printed at the top of each page. The header contains the page number, job title (usually the filename), and the date. In addition, C and C++ keywords are highlighted, and comment lines are italicized. This prettyprint option is handled by CUPS. If you prefer another'plaintext-to-prettyprint' converter, look for the enscript pre-filter on the Filters tab. Additional hint for power users: This KDEPrint GUI element corresponds to the CUPS command line job option parameter: -o prettyprint=true.
The cost entities known to & kcachegrind; are given in the following. Simple Positions: Instruction An assembler instruction at a specified address. Source Line of a Function All instructions that the compiler (via debug information) maps to a given source line specified by source file name and line number, and which are executed in the context of some function. The latter is needed because a source line inside of an inlined function can appear in the context of multiple functions. Instructions without any mapping to an actual source line are mapped to line number 0 in file???. Function All source lines of a given function make up the function itself. A function is specified by its name and its location in some binary object if available. The latter is needed because binary objects of a single program each can hold functions with the same name (these can be accessed & eg; with dlopen or dlsym; the runtime linker resolves functions in a given search order of binary objects used). If a profiling tool cannot detect the symbol name of a function, & eg; because debug information is not available, either the address of the first executed instruction typically is used, or???. Binary Object All functions whose code is inside the range of a given binary object, either the main executable or a shared library. Source File All functions whose first instruction is mapped to a line of the given source file. Class Symbol names of functions typically are hierarchically ordered in name spaces, & eg; C++ namespaces, or classes of object-oriented languages; thus, a class can hold functions of the class or embedded classes itself. Profile Part Some time section of a profile run, with a given thread ID, process ID, and command line executed. As can be seen from the list, a set of cost entities often defines another cost entity; thus, there is a inclusion hierarchy of cost entities.
The monster is made almost completely of false bricks. Analyze the concrete parts of his body, to determine where to fall and where not to fall. All four enemies will have to be trapped above particular concrete pieces, to enable you to reach certain gold pieces. Trap the enemies by using KGoldrunner rules to your advantage. Wait on the top pole at the point where you want the enemy to fall. As he approaches you, fall onto a lower pole and move left or right to avoid the enemy's fate. This is how he falls into danger while you fall to safety.
Using & PPD; s, printer manufacturers were able to insert device-specific hardware features into their products, for features such as duplexing, stapling, punching, finishing, & etc;. The printer drivers load this & PPD; just like an additional configuration file. Thus the printer driver learns about the available device options and how to call them; the driver also presents them in a & GUI; to the user. Through this mechanism you are still able to print device-independent & PostScript; page description language files and specify device-dependent finishing options on top, which are added to the application-generated & PostScript;.
You can edit most of the & UML; elements in your model and diagrams by opening its Properties dialog and selecting the appropriate options. To edit the properties of an object, select Properties from its context menu (RMB; click). Each element has a dialog consisting of several pages where you can configure the options corresponding to that element. For some elements, like actors you can only set a couple of options, like the object name and documentation, while for other elements, like classes, you can edit its attributes and operations, select what you want to be shown in the diagram (whole operation signature or just operation names, etc) and even the colors you want to use for the line and fill of the class' representation on the diagram.
< ![CDATA[ $min =49; # Minimum value of R, G, or B colour $max=174; # Maximum value of R, G, or B colour $step=5; # Amount to step colour by on each step $sleeptime=15; # Interval in seconds between each step @start = ($max, $min, $min); @colour = @start; while (1) {foreach (0..5) {my $which = $_% 3; # Which colour (R, G or B) to change my $updown = $_% 2; # Whether to increase or decrease the colour value do {if ($updown == 0) {$colour[$which]+=$step;} if ($updown == 1) {$colour[$which]-=$step;} my $dcopcall=sprintf "dcop kdesktop KBackgroundIface setColor '#%x%x%x' true\ ", @colour; system($dcopcall); sleep $sleeptime;} while (($colour[$which] > = $min) and ($colour[$which ]< = $max));}}]] >
These default icons might not represent the applications you use most often, so you can remove the ones you do not want and add icons for other applications that you use. To remove an icon, & RMB; -click on the icon, and select Remove application name Button in the popup menu that appears. To add a new icon, & RMB; -click on an empty space on the panel, and follow the menu entry Add Application to Panel. This leads you to a copy of the K menu, where you can find all of the & kde; applications. For example, to add an icon for the & juk; music player, follow through the menus to Add Application to Panel Multimedia juk; (Music Player). The icon will appear on the panel in the space that you right -clicked on.
On the other end, if your users run & korganizer; on the same PC that runs the IMAP server, it seems reasonable to use IMAP (that is called online IMAP) to save space, since transfer speed should not be an issue. But unfortunately this does not work because & kontact; does not update automatically the Calendar folder in online IMAP, so you are not updated when someone adds events (you must manually switch to & kmail; application and click on the Calendar folder). In addition, at start up when it does read Calendar folders, you may see a tremendous flicker and slow data updates.
Make sure your location is set to somewhere that is not very near the equator for these experiments. Open the Configure & kstars; window, and switch to Horizontal coordinates, with the Opaque Ground shown. Open the Set Time window (Ctrl; S), and change the Date to sometime in the middle of Summer, and the Time to 12:00 Noon. Back in the Main Window, point toward the Southern Horizon (press S). Note the height of the Sun above the Horizon at Noon in the Summer. Now, change the Date to something in the middle of Winter (but keep the Time at 12:00 Noon). The Sun is now much lower in the Sky. You will also notice that the day durations are different if you open the What's Up Tonight? tool for each date.
This dialog will allow you to specify a PostgreSQL account that has the necessary permissions to access the Krecipes PostgreSQL database. This account may either be a PostgreSQL superuser or have the ability to both create new PostgreSQL users and databases. If no superuser or privileged account is given, the account'postgres' will be attempted, with no password. If this is insufficient for your PostgreSQL setup, you must select the appropriate option below to enter the information of a privileged PostgreSQL account.
Time is indicated by a time bar on the left side of the view. A scrollbar on the right is provided when the whole day cannot be displayed on a single screen (which is the usual case). Each rectangle in the view represents an individual event or to-do due for that time, and displays the start and end time and summary. A bell icon is displayed if an alarm is set, and a chasing-arrows icon is displayed if it repeats multiple times. Hovering the mouse over an calendar item will bring up a tooltip with the item detailed information. To make & korganizer; show a red line marking the current-time on the current day (the Marcus Bains line), check the Show current-time (Marcus Bains) line box in the korganizer; view configuration.
There are many ways to do that. If what you want to do is to run some scripts that would set some environment variables (for example, to start gpg-agent, ssh-agent and others), you can put these scripts into $KDEHOME / env/ and make sure their names end in. sh. $KDEHOME is usually a folder named. kde (note the period at the beginning) in your home folder. If you want scripts to be executed for all & kde; users, you can put them under $KDEDIR / env/, where $KDEDIR is the prefix & kde; was installed to (you can find this out using the command kde4-config --prefix).
If this option is checked, K3b will generate the System Use Sharing Protocol records (SUSP) specified by the Rock Ridge Interchange Protocol (IEEE-P1282). Rock Ridge extends the ISO-9660 filesystem by features equal to the UNIX filesystems (permissions, symbolic links, very long filenames,...). It uses ISO-8859 or UTF-16 based characters and allows 255 octets. Rock Ridge extensions are located at the end of each ISO-9660 directory record. This makes the Rock Ridge tree closely coupled to the ISO-9660 tree. It is highly recommended to use Rock Ridge extensions on every data CD or DVD.
These expressions may be used for the date: d - the day as a number without a leading zero (1-31) dd - the day as a number with a leading zero (01-31) ddd - the abbreviated day name (Mon - Sun) dddd - the long day name (Monday - Sunday) M - the month as a number without a leading zero (1-12) MM - the month as a number with a leading zero (01-12) MMM - the abbreviated month name (Jan - Dec) MMMM - the long month name (January - December) yy - the year as a two digit number (00-99) yyyy - the year as a four digit number (0000-9999) These expressions may be used for the time: h - the hour without a leading zero (0-23 or 1-12 if AM/ PM display) hh - the hour with a leading zero (00-23 or 01-12 if AM/ PM display) m - the minutes without a leading zero (0-59) mm - the minutes with a leading zero (00-59) s - the seconds without a leading zero (0-59) ss - the seconds with a leading zero (00-59) z - the milliseconds without leading zeroes (0-999) zzz - the milliseconds with leading zeroes (000-999) AP - switch to AM/ PM display. AP will be replaced by either "AM" or "PM". ap - switch to AM/ PM display. ap will be replaced by either "am" or "pm". Z - time zone in numeric form (-0500) All other input characters will be ignored.
Printer Selection Menu: Use this combo box to select the printer to which you want to print. Initially (if you run KDEPrint for the first time), you may only find the KDE special printers (which save jobs to disk [as PostScript- or PDF-files], or deliver jobs via email (as a PDF attachment). If you are missing a real printer, you need to...... either create a local printer with the help of the KDE Add Printer Wizard. The Wizard is available for the CUPS and RLPR printing systems (click button to the left of the'Properties' button),... or try to connect to an existing remote CUPS print server. You can connect by clicking the'System Options' button below. A new dialog opens: click on the'CUPS server 'icon: Fill in the information required to use the remote server. Note: It may happen that you successfully connected to a remote CUPS server and still do not get a printer list. If this happens: force KDEPrint to re-load its configuration files. To reload the configuration files, either start kprinter again, or switch the print system away from CUPS and back again once. The print system switch can be made through a selection in the drop-down menu at bottom of this dialog when fully expanded).
Here you can edit the Samba users, stored in the smbpasswd file. Every Samba user must have a corresponding UNIX user. On the right you can see all UNIX users, stored in the passwd file and not configured as Samba users. You can see the Samba users on the left-hand side. To add new Samba users simply press the lt; add button. The selected UNIX users will then become Samba users and will be removed from the UNIX users list (but they will remain UNIX users). To remove Samba users click the gt; remove button. The selected Samba users will be removed from the smbpasswd file and reappear on the right-hand side, as UNIX users which are not Samba users.
You can control a kig construction by means of a "pykig" python script, that can be executed with the command pykig. py. Here is a nice example (hexagons. kpy) you can try: kigdocument. hideobjects() def hexagons (c, v, n): hexagon = PolygonBCV (c, v, 6) if n & lt; = 0: hexagon. show() for i in range(6): PolygonSide (hexagon, i, True) return cnew = MidPoints (c, v) hexagons (cnew, v, n-1) for k in [2,4]: v1 = PolygonVertex (hexagon, k) cnew = MidPoints (c, v1) hexagons (cnew, v1, n-1) hexagons (Point(0,0), Point(1,0), 5)
The Parts Overview A trace consists of multiple trace parts when there are several profile data files from one profile run. The Trace Part Overview dockable shows these, horizontally ordered in execution time; the rectangle sizes are proportional to the total cost spent in the parts. You can select one or several parts to constrain all costs shown to these parts only. The parts are further subdivided: there is a partitioning and an callee split mode: Partitioning: You see the partitioning into groups for a trace part, according to the group type selected. E. g. if ELF object groups are selected, you see colored rectangles for each used ELF object (shared library or executable), sized according to the cost spent therein. Callee: A rectangle showing the inclusive cost of the current selected function in the trace part is shown. This is split up into smaller rectangles to show the costs of its callees.
In order to add a new window decoration, you need to compile it from source code. If a binary package for your distribution or system is provided, you simply need to install it using your distribution's package manager. Please refer to your distribution's manual for instructions on how to do this. Once the window decoration has been installed, it can be accessed in the Window Decorations settings in the & kcontrolcenter;. In the Window Decoration tab, a list of installed window decorations can be seen in the drop down box. Simply select the decoration you want to use and click on Apply. Different window decorations have different capabilities and settings. Play around with the different options available. The Buttons tab allows you to control the buttons on the window titlebar. Enable the Use custom titlebar button positions check box in order to rearrange, remove, or add buttons. To add buttons to the titlebar, drag an item from the list to the titlebar preview above it. To remove a button, drag the button from the titlebar preview to the item list. Simply drag buttons in the titlebar preview to rearrange them.
Maybe you have additional files you want to access using the & khelpcenter; fulltext search feature. For example, you might have an HTML reference installed in / home/ jdoe/ docs/ selfhtml. By adding this path to the list of additional search paths you make this documentation available to & khelpcenter; 's fulltext search, too. Just click on the Add button and a file dialog will ask you for an additional search folder. Select / home/ jdoe/ docs/ selfhtml and click OK. To remove an additional search path, just select it and click Delete.
Practically all & CVS; commands started in a sandbox which belongs to a remote repository need a connection to the & CVS; server. This is affected by delays from the network connection or a high load on the server. For this reason, for commands like View Difference to Repository... & cervisia; opens a dialog which indicates that the command is still running and which allows you to abort it. Furthermore, this dialog is used to show you error messages from & CVS;. As this dialog may become annoying after some time, it is shown only after a certain timeout which is 4 seconds by default. Here you can change this value.
The Ghostview program, which Okular uses internally to display the PostScript graphics that is included in this DVI file, is generally able to write its output in a variety of formats. The sub-programs that Ghostview uses for these tasks are called'device drivers'; there is one device driver for each format that Ghostview is able to write. Different versions of Ghostview often have different sets of device drivers available. It seems that the version of Ghostview that is installed on this computer does not contain any of the device drivers that are known to Okular. It seems unlikely that a regular installation of Ghostview would not contain these drivers. This error may therefore point to a serious misconfiguration of the Ghostview installation on your computer. If you want to fix the problems with Ghostview, you can use the command gs --help to display the list of device drivers contained in Ghostview. Among others, Okular can use the'png256 ', 'jpeg' and'pnm 'drivers. Note that Okular needs to be restarted to re-enable PostScript support.
Qt is a C++ toolkit for cross-platform application development. Qt provides single-source portability across MSnbsp; Windows, Macnbsp; OSnbsp; X, Linux, and all major commercial Unix variants. Qt is also available for embedded devices as Qt for Embedded Linux and Qt for Windows CE. Qt is available under three different licensing options designed to accommodate the needs of our various users. Qt licensed under our commercial license agreement is appropriate for development of proprietary/ commercial software where you do not want to share any source code with third parties or otherwise cannot comply with the terms of the GNU LGPL version 2.1 or GNU GPL version 3.0. Qt licensed under the GNU LGPL version 2.1 is appropriate for the development of Qt applications (proprietary or open source) provided you can comply with the terms and conditions of the GNU LGPL version 2.1. Qt licensed under the GNU General Public License version 3.0 is appropriate for the development of Qt applications where you wish to use such applications in combination with software subject to the terms of the GNU GPL version 3.0 or where you are otherwise willing to comply with the terms of the GNU GPL version 3.0. Please see qt. nokia. com/ products/ licensing for an overview of Qt licensing. Copyright (C) 2009 Nokia Corporation and/ or its subsidiary(-ies). Qt is a Nokia product. See qt. nokia. com for more information.
second, there are & CUPS; -PPD; s for the more than 120 printer models, which are driven by the new universal stp driver. stp (stood originally for Stylus Photo) is now developed by the gimp-print project; it was started by Mike Sweet, the leading & CUPS; developer and is now available through gimp-print. sourceforge. net. This driver prints real Photo quality on many modern inkjets and can be configured to make 120 & CUPS; -PPD; s along its own compilation. & HP; Laser- and DeskJet, Epson Stylus and Photo Color models as well as some Canon and Lexmark are covered.
[KillbotsRuleset] Name=Killbots Name[gl]=Robots asasinos Author=Parker Coates AuthorContact=parker. coates@gmail. com Description=lt; qtgt; lt; pgt; The default Killbots game type. lt; /pgt; lt; pgt; Includes a medium size grid, safe teleports, fast enemies and pushable junkheaps. lt; /pgt; lt; /qtgt; Description[gl]=lt; qtgt; lt; pgt; O xogo tipo Killbots por omisin. lt; /pgt; lt; pgt; Incle unha grella mediana, teleportacins seguras, enemigos rpidos e chatarra que se pode empurrar. lt; /pgt; lt; /qtgt; Rows=16 Columns=16 EnemiesAtGameStart=8.0 EnemiesAddedEachRound=4.0 FastEnemiesAtGameStart=-2.0 FastEnemiesAddedEachRound=2.0 EnergyEnabled=true EnergyAtGameStart=0 EnergyAddedEachRound=0 MaxEnergyAtGameStart=12.0 MaxEnergyAddedEachRound=0.0 SafeTeleportEnabled=true CostOfSafeTeleport=1 VaporizerEnabled=false CostOfVaporizer=0 PushableJunkheaps=Many SquaskKillsEnabled=true JunkheapsAtGameStart=0.0 JunkheapsAddedEachRound=0.0 PointsPerEnemyKilled=5 PointsPerFastEnemyKilled=10 WaitKillPointBonus=0 WaitKillEnergyBonus=1 SquashKillPointBonus=0 SquashKillEnergyBonus=1
The Great Pyramid was the tallest man-made structure in the world for over 3,800 years. Going up and down all the time must have been a chore for ancient Egyptians, much as you are likely to find it a chore going up and down this pyramid. To get the second treasure from the left, you have to use the brick that blocks the ladder at the bottom as a bridge to escape. To get the fourth treasure from the left, clear the three brick above and to the right of the left most mummy; if dug in the correct order, this will give you just enough time to grab the treasure and escape. Some of the mummies must be released to get some of the treasure. However, get the first, second, and fourth treasures (from the left) before releasing any of the mummies. Be careful not to kill any mummies; if they appear to the right of the pyramid, you will be unable to finish the level. Also it is possible to release the mummies and trap them in one of the other chambers.
The reason the choices you make in this dialog box are important is evident when something goes wrong and & konqueror; is forced to close an instance. All & konqueror; windows associated with a & konqueror; instance must be closed immediatly (without time to save data or bookmark locations). Therefore, the more instances you can have open at one time, the less likely a problem in one instance will affect all of your work. Each instance requires more memory which can be a problem on systems with less system memory.
If your mail folder (usually $KDEHOME / share/ apps/ kmail/ or ~/ Mail) is on a volume which is mounted via NFS and if the clock of the NFS server is ahead of the clock of your computer then the NFS server sometimes reports a wrong file date for the index file. In this case & kmail; assumes that the index is outdated although in reality it is not. To fix this problem you (or your system administrator) have to make sure that the clock of the NFS server and the clock of your computer are always in sync. One way to achieve this is the use of the ntp daemon.
In the info boxes on top of the & ktouch; main window you see the current level on the left. The small buttons to the right allow you to manually switch levels. Normally this happens automatically (more about this in the section Training Options). The right info box shows a brief information text about the level. Usually it gives you a list of characters that are new in this level. The middle two info boxes show your current typing speed (in characters per minute) and your correctness. These values are Level Statistics and whenever you start a new level these values are reset. However, the program still remembers your previous statistics (see section Statistics in & ktouch;).
The easiest thing to customize with the toolbars of any given application is whether they are displayed at all. Most applications have a Settings Toolbars menu where you can select which toolbars are displayed and which are not. & konqueror; has four toolbars, Main, Extra, Location and Bookmark. It can be convenient to turn off the Bookmark toolbar to save screen space. To do so, click on the Settings menu, choose Toolbars, and then uncheck the Bookmark Toolbar entry (do this just by clicking on the menu item).
Select in this list how conflicting entries (entries which were edited both on your handheld and on the PC) are resolved. Possibly values are "Ask User" to let you decide case by case, "Do Nothing" to allow the entries to be different, "PC overrides", "Handheld overrides", "Use values from last sync" and "Use both entries" to create a new entry on both the PC and handheld. Note that the conflict resolution option selected here can be overridden by conduits that have their own conflict resolution configuration.
Enter the URI that is used to do a search on the search engine here. The whole text to be searched for can be specified as \\{@} or \\{0}. Recommended is \\{@}, since it removes all query variables (name=value) from the resulting string whereas \\{0} will be substituted with the unmodified query string. You can use \\{1}... \\{n} to specify certain words from the query and \\{name} to specify a value given by'name=value 'in the user query. In addition it is possible to specify multiple references (names, numbers and strings) at once (\\{name1, name2,..., "string"}). The first matching value (from the left) will be used as substitution value for the resulting URI. A quoted string can be used as default value if nothing matches from the left of the reference list.
A complete list of available files and man pages should always be in the & CUPS; Software Administrator Manual (http: / /localhost:631/ sam. html#FILES. In the & konqueror; & URL; /location field, type man: / lpadmin and man: / cupsd. conf to find out about the most important command and configuration file. You knew already about & konqueror; 's nice abilities to show you the traditional & UNIX; man pages, did n't you? Read this. From there you find more interesting hints and links to other man pages and documentation.
Once dealing is finished each player ends up with 16 cards each. Cards are displayed in two vertical rows - four cards per row. Half of the cards are face down and half are face up. As a player you can see the cards of your opponent as well as your own. You can make a move then by clicking on any of your cards which are currently face up. The opponent has to reply by choosing a corresponding card form his/ her own stack. Note If your opponent is artificial intelligence, its cards will be chosen automatically. Once the exchange is finished values of the played cards are evaluated and either you or your opponent is awarded points. The game is complete in 16 rounds (when all of your and your opponent's cards have been played). After the game ends your score is being compared to that of your opponent and the player with the higher score wins the round.
Temperature and Precipitation Maps (July and December) A combination of two datasets: Legates, D. R. and Willmott, C. J. 1989. Average Monthly Surface Air Temperature and Precipitation. Digital Raster Data on a .5 degree Geographic (lat/ long) 361x721 grid (centroid-registered on .5 degree meridians). Boulder CO: National Center for Atmospheric Research. http: / /www. ngdc. noaa. gov/ ecosys/ cdroms/ ged_iia/ datasets/ a04/ lw. htm CRU CL 2.0: New, M., Lister, D., Hulme, M. and Makin, I., 2002: A high-resolution data set of surface climate over global land areas. Climate Research 21. http: / /www. cru. uea. ac. uk/ cru/ data/ hrg
Another feature of & kgeography; is the possibility of zoom on a map. Zoom Zoom You can click the Zoom button and then draw a rectangle to zoom in a part of the map. While in zoom mode, you can press & RMB; to go back to the original map size (the Original Size action has the same effect). Use the scroll bars, the arrow keys or the mouse wheel to move around the zoomed map or use the Move action that will allow you to drag the map using & LMB;. The Automatic Zoom feature will make the map as big as possible.
If you are lucky enough to have a high speed cable connection, then the service provider will probably give you an external cable modem which needs an ethernet connection to your machine. Unfortunately the details of how to establish the connection depend on the service provider and to some extent on which Linux/ UNIX; distribution you are using. Some ISP s connect their customers to the Internet through a proxy server, in which case you will have to set up & konqueror; to use it. You may find it useful to search the archives of your distribution's user group mailing list for help.
One of the most boring jobs one can do in & latex; is to write a matrix or a tabular environment. One has to keep track of all the elements, ensure that the environment is well formed, and that all things are where they are supposed to be. Good indentation helps, but there is a simpler way: using & kile; 's Wizard menu. It contains Tabular and Array (used in math environments). You will then have a matrix-formed input form that you can easily fill in with your entries. This dialog also offers some options to typeset the tabular material.
& krusader; may not be compatible with ACE despite our best efforts. Unace uses closed source and contains additional lines that make Unace get into infinite loop if the stdin is redirected to somewhere else. It works in the same manner as'su ', where you cannot enter the password only from the stdin. & krusader; & gt; = 1-51 emulates the command line environment to enable co-operation with Unace, but we have noticed that Unace always changes its output format from release to release, making co-operation almost impossible.
If you have installed the & kregexpeditor; tool from the kdeutils package, you will have this additional option. Enabling it will allow you to search for a regexp or regular expression. A regexp is a way to specify conditions for your search, and they can be very complex, and equally they can be very powerful. If you are unfamiliar with regular expressions, you can choose Edit Regular Expression to open & kregexpeditor;. This tool allows you to construct your set of conditions graphically, and then generates the expression for you.
Browse allow/ deny (BrowseAllow/ BrowseDeny) BrowseAllow: specifies an address mask to allow for incoming browser packets. The default is to allow packets from all addresses. BrowseDeny: specifies an address mask to deny for incoming browser packets. The default is to deny packets from no addresses. Both "BrowseAllow" and "BrowseDeny" accept the following notations for addresses: All None *. domain. com. domain. com host. domain. com nnn. * nnn. nnn. * nnn. nnn. nnn. * nnn. nnn. nnn. nnn nnn. nnn. nnn. nnn/ mm nnn. nnn. nnn. nnn/ mmm. mmm. mmm. mmm The hostname/ domainname restrictions only work if you have turned hostname lookups on!
You can do this by having two instances of & konqueror;, one showing the folder you want to copy from, the other showing the target folder. Position the mouse pointer over the item you wish to copy or move, then, holding the & LMB; pressed, drag it to a clear space in the target folder. Release the button and you will be presented with a menu choice of Copy or Move. Take care to drop the item into an empty area of the target folder view - dropping it on top of another file name or icon can cause problems.
That is the simple core of & kommander;. What you can do with this is where it gets interesting. First of all it is worth noting that compared to the normal approach of a language based tool & kommander; does not need programming statements to define these operations. This makes & kommander; quick for developers. For end users it's much simpler than learning language constructs. For everyone it means you can focus on your task instead of having your reference material eternally at hand. Initially when people are exposed to a tool like & kommander; the first question is Where could I find a use for this cool tool? As it turns out, manipulating strings is used just about anywhere you look.
However, astronomers have made observations of the orbital speeds of stars in the outer parts of a large number of spiral galaxies, and none of them follow Kepler's 3rd Law as expected. Instead of falling off at larger radii, the orbital speeds remain remarkably constant. The implication is that the mass enclosed by larger-radius orbits increases, even for stars that are apparently near the edge of the galaxy. While they are near the edge of the luminous part of the galaxy, the galaxy has a mass profile that apparently continues well beyond the regions occupied by stars.
Multisession ModeAutoLet K3b decide which mode to use. The decision will be based on the size of the project (does it fill the whole media) and the state of the inserted media (appendable or not). No MultisessionCreate a single-session CD or DVD and close the disk. Start MultisessionStart a multisession CD or DVD, not closing the disk to allow further sessions to be appended. Continue MultisessionContinue an appendable data CD (as for example created in Start Multisession mode) and add another session without closing the disk to allow further sessions to be appended. Finish MultisessionContinue an appendable data CD (as for example created in Start Multisession mode), add another session, and close the disk. In the case of DVD+RW and DVD-RW restricted overwrite media K3b will not actually create multiple sessions but grow the file system to include the new data.
& kdiff3; started because I had to do a difficult merge. Merging is necessary when several people work on the same files in a project. A merge can be somewhat automated, when the merge-tool not only has the new modified files (called "branches"), but also the original file (called "base"). The merge tool will automatically choose any modification that was only done in one branch. When several contributors change the same lines, then the merge tool detects a conflict which must be solved manually.
Print Preview Enable this checkbox if you want to see a preview of your printout. A preview lets you check if, for instance, your intended "poster" or "pamphlet" layout looks like you expected, without wasting paper first. It also lets you cancel the job if something looks wrong. Note: The preview feature (and therefore this checkbox) is only visible for printjobs created from inside KDE applications. If you start kprinter from the commandline, or if you use kprinter as a print command for non-KDE applications (like Acrobat Reader, Firefox or OpenOffice), print preview is not available here.
Adding a daily signature is pretty straight forward. Open & kmail; by pressing Alt; F2. Enter kmail in the text box and then press Run. Once inside & kmail;, go to Settings Configure KMail.... In the Identities selection, highlight the identity to add the signature to and then press the Modify... button on the right-hand side of the window. Select the Signature tab. Check the Enable signature box. From the Obtain signature text from drop down, select Output of Command. In the Specify command text box, enter ksig --daily and then press the OK button.
Regular expressions are easy to use but often there is another much faster way to achieve the same result. Consider you only want to match the character '# 'if it is the first character in the line. A regular expression based solution would look like this: lt; RegExpr attribute=quot; Macroquot; context=quot; macroquot; String=quot; ^\\s*#quot; / gt; You can achieve the same much faster in using: lt; DetectChar attribute=quot; Macroquot; context=quot; macroquot; char=quot; #quot; firstNonSpace=quot; truequot; / gt; If you want to match the regular expression '^#' you can still use DetectChar with the attribute column=quot; 0quot;. The attribute column counts character based, so a tabulator still is only one character.
Quanta Plus Submitter Info Files The purpose of these files is to provide developers with proper credit, expose licensing information and give users thumbnail information about scripts and templates at a glance. We ask that you try to do several things here. Fill in all the fields. They are all there for a reason. Contact the appropriate Quanta script and template maintainer or a member of our team when you have new releases so we can include them. As we plan to build a huge repository we have to rely on you here. The additional information serves as a backup. Any time a user wants they can click the link to go to your site and get updates, docs or whatever they require. Thank you for helping us to make this a great feature Contact Information Quanta Resource Maintainer - (none at this time) Lead Developer - Andras Mantia amantia@kde. org Kommander - Michal Rudolf mrudolf@kdewebdev. org Project Lead - Eric Laffoon sequitur@kde. org
Please consider the following piece of & turtlescript;: $a = 2004 $b = 25 # the next command prints "2029" print $a + $b backward 30 # the next command prints "2004 plus 25 equals 2029" print $a + "plus" + $b + "equals" + ($a + $b) In the first two lines the variables a and b are set to 2004 and 25. Then in two print commands with a backward 30 in between. The comments before the print commands explain what they are doing. As you see variables can be used just as if their where what they contain, you can use them with any kind of operators or give them as input when invoking commands.
Sets the identity corresponding to the organizer of this to-do or event. Identities can be set in the'Personal 'section of the KOrganizer configuration, or in the'Personal'- > 'About Me'- > 'Password & User Account' section of the System Settings. In addition, identities are gathered from your KMail settings and from your address book. If you choose to set it globally for KDE in the System Settings, be sure to check'Use email settings from System Settings' in the'Personal 'section of the KOrganizer configuration.
The file you selected is not a floppy image (floppy images are of size 1200 KB, 1440 KB, or 2880 KB). You may still use boot images of other sizes by emulating a harddisk or disabling emulation completely. If you are not familiar with terms like'harddisk emulation 'you most likely want to use a floppy image here. Floppy images can be created by directly extracting them from a real floppy disk: dd if=/ dev/ floppy of=/ tmp/ floppy. imgor by using one of the many boot floppy generators that can be found on the Internet.
Select a color role. Available central color roles are: Background - general background color. Foreground - general foreground color. Base - used as the background color for example, for text entry widgets; it is usually white or another light color. Text - the foreground color used with Base. Usually this is the same as the Foreground, in which case it must provide good contrast both with the Background and with the Base. Button - general button background color; useful where buttons need a background different from Background, as in the Macintosh style. ButtonText - a foreground color used with the Button color. Highlight - a color used to indicate a selected or highlighted item. HighlightedText - a text color that contrasts to Highlight. BrightText - a text color that is very different from Foreground and contrasts well with, for example, black.
Meta contacts are one of the features of & kopete; that make sense once you figure out what they are. Until you do, they annoy you. They are basically a way of taking a contact on one network (such as MSN) and linking it to another contact on a different network. This is useful for when people have accounts on different networks as you can chat to them without needing to know which account they are signed on to. This also lets you assign names to your meta-contacts that do n't change when people change their names on their account, this is useful if you have contacts who insist upon setting their MSN nick to something like =EF=81=8A.
The Sending tab provides a list of ways to send messages. The first item in the list is the default way to send messages. Using the Add... button you can choose between two different ways of sending messages: SMTP and Sendmail. & Sendmail; here means a local software installation -- this has a reputation of being difficult to set up, so if you do not already have a working & Sendmail; configuration, choose SMTP and fill in the Name field with a descriptive name (eg; My Mail Account) and the Host field with the name and domain of your mail server (eg; smtp. provider. com). You will probably not need to change the Port setting (the default is 25).
You can see examples of Elliptical galaxies in & kstars;, using the Find Object window (Ctrl; F). Search for NGC 4881, which is the Giant cD galaxy in the Coma cluster of galaxies. M 86 is a normal Elliptical galaxy in the Virgo cluster of galaxies. M 32 is a dwarf Elliptical that is a satellite of our neighbor, the Andromeda galaxy (M 31). M 110 is another satellite of M 31 that is a borderline dwarf spheroidal galaxy (borderline because it is somewhat brighter than most other dwarf spheroidals).
The equation solver allows you to balance a chemical equation. Using VariablesTo express variable quantities of an element, put a single character in front of the element's symbol, as shown in this example: aH + bO - > 5H2O (Result: 10 H + 5 O -gt; 5 H2O)Solving this expression will give you the needed amount of Hydrogen and Oxygen. Defining electric chargesUse box brackets to specify the electric charge of an element, as shown in this example:4H[+] + 2O - > cH2O[2+] (Result: 4 H+ + 2 O -gt; 2 H2O2+)
Usually binary packages that are been used by your distribution do not contain debug information. Since we usually only develop and fix & krusader; -cvs, compile & krusader; -cvs in debugmode and install it, than check if the bug still exist. $cmake -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=debugfull If the KDEKrashhandler still does n't provide useful backtrace information, than sometimes a coredump will give better information. Run Krusader, with disabled crashhandler. $krusader --nocrashhandler On a crash you will get a. core file, usually in your home directory. Run gdb, the GNU Project Debugger $gdb -c corefile krusader Now type bt to get the backtrace and type q to quit gdb. Often the best debug results will be given when using the valgrind tool.
Cache simulation is the first step in approximating real times, since runtime is very sensitive to the exploitation of so-called caches, small and fast buffers which accelerate repeated accesses to the same main memory cells, on modern systems. & cachegrind; does cache simulation by catching memory accesses. The data produced includes the number of instruction/ data memory accesses and first- and second-level cache misses, and relates it to source lines and functions of the run program. By combining these miss counts, using miss latencies from typical processors, an estimation of spent time can be given.
Select your constrained aspect ratio for cropping. Aspect Ratio Crop tool uses a relative ratio. That means it is the same if you use centimeters or inches and it does not specify the physical size. You can see below a correspondence list of traditional photographic paper sizes and aspect ratio crop: 2:3: 10x15cm, 20x30cm, 30x45cm, 4x6 ", 8x12", 12x18 ", 16x24", 20x30 "3:4: 6x8cm, 15x20cm, 18x24cm, 30x40cm, 3.75x5", 4.5x6 ", 6x8", 7.5x10 ", 9x12" 4:5: 20x25cm, 40x50cm, 8x10 ", 16x20" 5:7: 15x21cm, 30x42cm, 5x7 "7:10: 21x30cm, 42x60cm, 3.5x5" The Golden Ratio is 1:1.618. A composition following this rule is considered visually harmonious but can be unadapted to print on standard photographic paper.
For & kde; 3.4.1, you need the & Qt; library version 3.3 or greater. Please make sure you download the correct & Qt;. You will also need the header files, if you want to compile & kde; yourself. They are all available, at no cost, from http: / /www. trolltech. com/ download. In addition, there are optional libraries that might improve & kde; if installed on your system. An example is OpenSSL which will enable & konqueror; to browse web pages securely and is needed in a version > =0.9.6. These should be provided by your distributor; if not, ask for an update.
Messages sometimes come in both formats. This option controls whether you want the HTML part or the plain text part to be displayed. Displaying the HTML part makes the message look better, but at the same time increases the risk of security holes being exploited. Displaying the plain text part loses much of the message's formatting, but makes it almost impossible to exploit security holes in the HTML renderer (Konqueror). The option below guards against one common misuse of HTML messages, but it cannot guard against security issues that were not known at the time this version of KMail was written. It is therefore advisable to not prefer HTML to plain text. Note: You can set this option on a per-folder basis from the Folder menu of KMail's main window.
Scale Print Image to Page Size The'fitplot 'option specifies that the HP-GL image should be scaled to fill exactly the page with the (elsewhere selected) media size. The default is'fitplot is disabled'. The default will therefore use the absolute distances specified in the plot file. (You should be aware that HP-GL files are very often CAD drawings intended for large format plotters. On standard office printers they will therefore lead to the drawing printout being spread across multiple pages.) Note: This feature depends upon an accurate plot size (PS) command in the HP-GL/ 2 file. If no plot size is given in the file the filter converting the HP-GL to PostScript assumes the plot is ANSI E size. Additional hint for power users: This KDEPrint GUI element corresponds to the CUPS command line job option parameter: -o fitplot=true
The sky appears to drift overhead from east to west, completing a full circuit around the sky in 24 (Sidereal) hours. This phenomenon is due to the spinning of the Earth on its axis. The Earth's spin axis intersects the Celestial Sphere at two points. These points are the Celestial Poles. As the Earth spins; they remain fixed in the sky, and all other points seem to rotate around them. The celestial poles are also the poles of the Equatorial Coordinate System, meaning they have Declinations of +90 degrees and -90 degrees (for the North and South celestial poles, respectively).
\\documentclass[options]{class} class: article, report, book, letter size options: 10pt, 11pt, 12pt paper size options: a4paper, a5paper, b5paper, letterpaper, legalpaper, executivepaper other options: landscape -- selects landscape format; default is portrait. titlepage, notitlepage -- selects if there should be a separate title page. leqno -- display equation number on left side of equations; default is right side. fleqn -- display formulae flush left; default is centered. onecolumn, twocolumn -- one or two columns; defaults to one column oneside, twoside -- selects one- or two-sided layout.
Login Manager In this module you can configure the various aspects of the KDE Login Manager. This includes the look and feel as well as the users that can be selected for login. Note that you can only make changes if you run the module with superuser rights. If you have not started the KDE System Settings with superuser rights (which is absolutely the right thing to do, by the way), click on the Modify button to acquire superuser rights. You will be asked for the superuser password. General On this tab page, you can configure parts of the Login Manager's look, and which language it should use. The language settings made here have no influence on the user's language settings. Dialog Here you can configure the look of the "classical" dialog based mode if you have chosen to use it. Background If you want to set a special background for the dialog based login screen, this is where to do it. Themes Here you can specify a theme to be used by the Login Manager. Shutdown Here you can specify who is allowed to shutdown/ reboot the machine and whether a boot manager should be used. Users On this tab page, you can select which users the Login Manager will offer you for logging in. Convenience Here you can specify a user to be logged in automatically, users not needing to provide a password to log in, and other convenience features. Note, that these settings are security holes by their nature, so use them very carefully.
Comments get very useful when the program gets a little bit more complex. It can help to give some advice to other programmers. In the following program you see comments being used together with the print command. # this program has been made by Cies Breijs. print "this text will get printed on the canvas" # the previous line is not a comment, but the next line is: # print "this text will not get printed!" The first line describes the program. The second line is executed by & kturtle; and prints this text will get printed on the canvas on the canvas. The third line is a comment. And the forth line is a comment that contains a piece of & turtlescript;, if the # symbol would be removed on the fourth line the print statement will we executed by & kturtle;. Programmers say: the print statement on the fourth line is'commented out '.
Options: -m, --merge Merge the input. -b, --base file Explicit base file. For compatibility with certain tools. -o, --output file Output file. Implies -m. E. g.: -o newfile. txt --out file Output file, again. (For compatibility with certain tools.) --auto No GUI if all conflicts are auto-solvable. (Needs -o file) --qall Do n't solve conflicts automatically. (For compatibility...) --L1 alias1 Visible name replacement for input file 1 (base). --L2 alias2 Visible name replacement for input file 2. --L3 alias3 Visible name replacement for input file 3. -L, --fname alias Alternative visible name replacement. Supply this once for every input. --cs string Override a config setting. Use once for every setting. E. g.: --cs "AutoAdvance=1" --confighelp Show list of config settings and current values. --config file Use a different config file.
The Formatting Options control the level of automatic formatting that & appname; does. For examples, see the Field Formatting section. Capitalization and formatting are distinct options, since a field may be capitalized without having the order of the words changed, and vice-versa. The auto-capitalization can be changed to ignore certain words. The automatic formatting includes grammatical articles in titles, along with prefixes and suffixes for personal names. The values are case-insensitive, and should be separated by a semi-colon.
In the example mentioned above, you would simply insert a & kspread; part into your & kword; document. Then, whenever you edit your table, & kspread; would take control in the background. Control would return to & kword; when you stop working on the table and start working on text again. The only change you would notice is that the toolbars and menus, while editing the table, reflect the functionality of & kspread; instead of that of & kword;. This ability to include the functionality of one application in another is called embedding.
Julian Days are a way of reckoning the current date by a simple count of the number of days that have passed since some remote, arbitrary date. This number of days is called the Julian Day, abbreviated as JD. The starting point, JD=0, is January 1, 4713 BC (or -4712 January 1, since there was no year '0 '). Julian Days are very useful because they make it easy to determine the number of days between two events by simply subtracting their Julian Day numbers. Such a calculation is difficult for the standard (Gregorian) calendar, because days are grouped into months, which contain a variable number of days, and there is the added complication of Leap Years.
Custom Margins Checkbox. Enable this checkbox if you want to modify the margins of your printouts. You can change margin settings in 4 ways: Edit the text fields. Click spinbox arrows. Move the scroll wheel of a wheel mouse. Use the mouse to drag margins in the preview frame. Note: The margin setting does not work if you load files into kprinter which have their margins hardcoded internally, such as most PDF or PostScript files. It works for all ASCII text files however. It also may not work with non-KDE applications which fail to fully utilize the KDEPrint framework, such as OpenOffice. org.
You can use the Sub-Repetition button to set up a repetition within a repetition. In this case, each time the alarm is due as specified in the main recurrence, instead of being triggered just once it is triggered repeatedly in accordance with your sub-repetition specification. For example, to set up an alarm which repeats every hour from noon to 6 pm each Thursday, you would set up a weekly recurrence on Thursday at 12:00, and use the Sub-Repetition dialog to specify an interval of 1 hour and either a count of 6 or a duration of 6 hours.
This mechanism is useful for system administrators who want to propagate a bookmark pointing to a certain document (for instance, important notes about the system) to all users. Distributors might find it useful as well, for instance by augmenting the software packages they supply with bookmark files which & kbookmarkmerger; merges into the user's bookmark list when the package is installed. That way, documentation shipped with a software package is easily and visibly accessible right after the package has been installed.
& lt; ?xml version="1.0 "encoding="UTF-8"? > & lt; !DOCTYPE TAGS > & lt; TAGS > & lt; tag name="schema "> & lt; label > & lt; text > idlt; /text > & lt; location col="0" row="0"/ > & lt; /label > & lt; attr name="id "type="input" > & lt; tooltip > A unique ID for the element. lt; /tooltip > & lt; whatsthis > A unique ID for the element. lt; /whatsthis > & lt; location col="1 "row="0"/ > & lt; /attr > & lt; label > & lt; text > versionlt; /text > & lt; location col="0" row="1"/ > & lt; /label > & lt; attr name="version "type="input" > & lt; tooltip > Version of the schema. lt; /tooltip > & lt; whatsthis > Version of the schema. lt; /whatsthis > & lt; location col="1 "row="1"/ > & lt; /attr > & lt; label > & lt; text > targetNamespacelt; /text > & lt; location col="0" row="2"/ > & lt; /label > & lt; attr name="targetNamespace "type="input" > & lt; tooltip > URI; reference of the namespace of this schema. lt; /tooltip > & lt; whatsthis > URI; reference of the namespace of this schema. lt; /whatsthis > & lt; location col="1 "row="2"/ > & lt; /attr > & lt; label > & lt; text > xmlnslt; /text > & lt; location col="0" row="3"/ > & lt; /label > & lt; attr name="xmlns "type="input" > & lt; tooltip > URI; reference for one or more namespaces for use in this schema. If no prefix is used, then components of that namespace may be used unqualified. lt; /tooltip > & lt; whatsthis > URI; reference for one or more namespaces for use in this schema. If no prefix is used, then components of that namespace may be used unqualified. lt; /whatsthis > & lt; location col="1 "row="3"/ > & lt; /attr > & lt; label > & lt; text > attributeFormDefaultlt; /text > & lt; location col="0" row="4"/ > & lt; /label > & lt; attr name="attributeFormDefault "type="list" > & lt; items > & lt; item > qualifiedlt; /item > & lt; item > unqualifiedlt; /item > & lt; /items > & lt; tooltip > Default form for all attributes within this schema. lt; /tooltip > & lt; whatsthis > Default form for all attributes within this schema. lt; /whatsthis > & lt; location col="1 "row="4"/ > & lt; /attr > & lt; label > & lt; text > elementFormDefaultlt; /text > & lt; location col="0" row="5"/ > & lt; /label > & lt; attr name="elementFormDefault "type="list" > & lt; items > & lt; item > qualifiedlt; /item > & lt; item > unqualifiedlt; /item > & lt; /items > & lt; tooltip > Default form for all elements within this schema. lt; /tooltip > & lt; whatsthis > Default form for all elements within this schema. lt; /whatsthis > & lt; location col="1 "row="5"/ > & lt; /attr > & lt; label > & lt; text > blockDefaultlt; /text > & lt; location col="0" row="6"/ > & lt; /label > & lt; attr name="blockDefault "type="input" > & lt; location col="1 "row="6"/ > & lt; /attr > & lt; label > & lt; text > finalDefaultlt; /text > & lt; location col="0" row="7"/ > & lt; /label > & lt; attr name="finalDefault "type="input" > & lt; location col="1 "row="7"/ > & lt; /attr > & lt; /tag > & lt; /TAGS >
The normal geographic coordinate system assumes that the Earth is a perfect sphere. This is nearly true, so for most purposes geographic coordinates are fine. If very high precision is required, then we must take the true shape of the Earth into account. The Earth is an ellipsoid; the distance around the equator is about 0.3% longer than a Great Circle that passes through the poles. The Geodetic Coordinate system takes this ellipsoidal shape into account, and expresses the position on the Earth's surface in Cartesian coordinates (X, Y, and Z).
Now that you know how a & PostScript; language file (which describes the page layout in a largely device independent way) is transformed into a Raster Image, you might ask: Well, there are different kinds of raster output devices: first they differ in their resolution; then there are the different paper sizes; it goes on with many finishing options (duplex prints, pamphlets, punched and stapled output with different sheets of colored paper being drawn from different trays, & etc;). How does this fit into our model of device-independent & PostScript;?
In many aspects, a comfortable way of Profiling is using & cachegrind; or & callgrind;, which are simulators using the runtime instrumentation framework & valgrind;. Because there is no need to access hardware counters (often difficult with today's & Linux; installations), and binaries to be profiled can be left unmodified, it is a good alternative to other profiling tools. The disadvantage of simulation - slowdown - can be reduced by doing the simulation on only the interesting program parts, and perhaps only on a few iterations of a loop. Without measurement/ simulation instrumentation, & valgrind; 's usage only has a slowdown factor in the range of 3 to 5. Also, when only the call graph and call counts are of interest, the cache simulator can be switched off.
The left panel shows a list of all display items with adjustable colors. Click on any item to bring up a color selection window to adjust its color. Below the list is the Star Color Mode selection box. By default, & kstars; draws stars with a realistic color tint according to the spectral type of the star. However, you may also choose to draw the stars as solid white, black or red circles. If you are using the realistic star colors, you can set the saturation level of the star colors with the Star Color Intensity spinbox.
Required & kde; version: krusader; v1.01: & kde; 2 krusader; v1.02 - 1.40: & kde; 3.0 - & kde; 3.2 krusader; 1.40: prefers & kde; 3.2 (otherwise all features will not be available) krusader; v1.50 - v1.51: & kde; 3.2 - & kde; 3.3 (Konfigurator crash on & kde; 3.4) krusader; v1.60.0 - v1.70.0: & kde; 3.3 - & kde; 3.5 krusader; 1.70. x: prefers & kde; & gt; = 3.4 (otherwise all features will not be available) krusader; 1.80.0: & kde; 3.4 - & kde; 3.5 krusader; 1.90.0: & kde; 3.2 - & kde; 3.5 krusader; v2. x. x: & kde; 4. x NOTE: for installation instructions for & krusader; -1. x for & kde; 2 visit the Krusader website.
In the beginning, drop as fast as you can to get to the floor. Dig several pits on the bottom to delay the enemies from coming up the ladder. Then grab the two pieces of gold off the left side of the 9 while there are no enemies around, digging to enter the 9 after grabbing the higher of these two pieces. To get the gold from the bottom of the 9, stand on the left enemy, dig left and move right. The two enemies will start to move left, fall, and climb the ladder. When the first one gets stuck where you just dug, jump in the lowest part of the 9 and dig to the left. The next enemy will carry the gold down. Grab it, dig to the right, drop down to the pole and escape as quickly as you can.
above: about: according: across: actually: adj: after: afterwards: again: against: all: almost: alone: along: already: also: although: always: among: amongst: and: another: any: anyhow: anyone: anything: anywhere: are: aren: arent: around: became: because: become: becomes: becoming: been: before: beforehand: begin: beginning: behind: being: below: beside: besides: between: beyond: billion: both: but: can: cant: cannot: caption: could: couldnt: did: didnt: does: doesnt: dont: down: during: each: eight: eighty: either: else: elsewhere: end: ending: enough: etc: even: ever: every: everyone: everything: everywhere: except: few: fifty: first: five: for: former: formerly: forty: found: four: from: further: had: has: hasnt: have: havent: hence: her: here: hereafter: hereby: herein: heres: hereupon: hers: herself: hes: him: himself: his: how: however: hundred: inc: indeed: instead: into: isnt: its: itself: last: later: latter: latterly: least: less: let: like: likely: ltd: made: make: makes: many: may: maybe: meantime: meanwhile: might: million: miss: more: moreover: most: mostly: mrs: much: must: myself: namely: neither: never: nevertheless: next: nine: ninety: nobody: none: nonetheless: noone: nor: not: nothing: now: nowhere: off: often: once: one: only: onto: others: otherwise: our: ours: ourselves: out: over: overall: own: page: per: perhaps: rather: recent: recently: same: seem: seemed: seeming: seems: seven: seventy: several: she: shes: should: shouldnt: since: six: sixty: some: somehow: someone: something: sometime: sometimes: somewhere: still: stop: such: taking: ten: than: that: the: their: them: themselves: then: thence: there: thereafter: thereby: therefore: therein: thereupon: these: they: thirty: this: those: though: thousand: three: through: throughout: thru: thus: tips: together: too: toward: towards: trillion: twenty: two: under: unless: unlike: unlikely: until: update: updated: updates: upon: used: using: very: via: want: wanted: wants: was: wasnt: way: ways: wed: well: were: werent: what: whats: whatever: when: whence: whenever: where: whereafter: whereas: whereby: wherein: whereupon: wherever: wheres: whether: which: while: whither: who: whoever: whole: whom: whomever: whose: why: will: with: within: without: wont: work: worked: works: working: would: wouldnt: yes: yet: you: youd: youll: your: youre: yours: yourself: yourselves: youve
This Item only appears if a Data CD/ DVD or Video DVD project is active. Here you can specify boot images in order to create bootable CDs or DVDs. A boot image can be a direct copy of a floppy or hard disk (for example, created by the dd shell command) as well as another disc's boot image. In any case it's a single file containing a complete, bootable system that is burned as a normal file. In order to let the computer know that the disc contains a boot image, the burning application creates a boot catalog file whose name can be determined in the dialog window.
Forwards the message to a new recipient. Using Inline, the message's text and some important header fields will be copied to the body of the new message with a text marking the forwarded part. Attachments will be forwarded as attachments of the new message. Using As Attachment the message and its attachments will become an attachment of the new message. The original message headers will be included in the forwarded message, too. Redirect works like forward, except that the message stays the same (even the From: field). The user who redirected the message is added in special header fields (Redirect-From, Redirect-Date, Redirect-To, & etc;).
This is the most basic Video CD specification dating back to 1993, which has the following characteristics: One mode2 mixed form ISO-9660 track containing file pointers to the information areas. Up to 98 multiplex-ed MPEG-1 audio/ video streams or CD-DA audio tracks. Up to 500 MPEG sequence entry points used as chapter divisions. The Video CD specification requires the multiplex-ed MPEG-1 stream to have a CBR of less than 174300 bytes (1394400 bits) per second in order to accommodate single speed CD-ROM drives. The specification allows for the following two resolutions:352 x 240 @ 29.97 Hz (NTSC SIF).352 x 240 @ 23.976 Hz (FILM SIF). The CBR MPEG-1, layer II audio stream is fixed at 224 kbps with 1 stereo or 2 mono channels. It is recommended to keep the video bit-rate under 1151929.1 bps.
Choose an FOV Symbol using the Settings FOV Symbols menu. FOV is an acronym for field-of-view. An FOV symbol is drawn at the center of the window to indicate where the display is pointing. Different symbols have different angular sizes; you can use a symbol to show what the view through a particular telescope would look like. For example, if you choose the 7x35 Binoculars FOV symbol, then a circle is drawn on the display that is 9.2 degrees in diameter; this is the field-of-view for 7x35 binoculars.
Below the almanac is where the object information is displayed. The objects are organized into type categories. Select an object type in the box labeled Choose a Category, and all objects of that type which are above the horizon on the selected night will be displayed in the box labeled Matching Objects. For example, in the screenshot, the Planets category has been selected, and four planets which are up on the selected night are displayed (Mars, Neptune, Pluto, and Uranus). When an object in the list is selected, its rise, set and transit times are displayed in the lower-right panel. In addition, you can press the Object Details... button to open the Object Details window for that object.
The --caption and --icon arguments are provided as standard by & kde; applications. You can get a full list of these global options by running an application with the --help-kde and --help-qt parameters. Here we give our & konsole; window the title'X Log 'and the icon log. You can use these options with any & kde; application and as mentioned above, ksystraycmd takes account of these when creating the tray icon. The -e argument is specific to & konsole; and tells it to run the less command. Despite its complexity, we can easily move this window into the tray with ksystraycmd:
Vorbis' audio quality is not best measured in kilobits per second, but on a scale from -1 to 10 called quality. For now, quality -1 is roughly equivalent to 45kbps average, 5 is roughly 160kbps, and 10 gives about 400kbps. Most people seeking very-near-CD-quality audio encode at a quality of 5 or, for lossless stereo coupling, 6. The quality 3 gives, at approximately 110kbps a smaller filesize and significantly better fidelity than. mp3 compression at 128kbps. This explanation is based on the one from the www. vorbis. com FAQ.
Widgets are the basic elements of a graphical user interface, such as buttons, scrollbars, tabs, and menus. A widget style is a plugin or a small program that instructs & kde; how widgets are displayed. Since widgets are the very basic parts of an interface, they are frequently accessed and must be able to respond very quickly. This is why widget styles must come as source code to be compiled or as binary packages to be installed, just like window decorations. Please refer to your distribution's documentation on how to compile from source or install binary packages.
<! [CDATA[ #! /bin/ bash # # / etc/ hotplug/ usb/ consoleUserPerms # # Sets up newly plugged in USB device so that the user who owns # the console according to pam_console can access it from user space # # Note that for this script to work, you'll need all of the following: # a) a line in the file / etc/ hotplug/ usb. usermap or another usermap file # in / etc/ hotplug/ usb/ that corresponds to the device you are using. # b) a setup using pam_console creates the respective lock files # containing the name of the respective user. You can check for that # by executing "echo ` cat / var/ {run, lock}/ console. lock `" and # verifying the appropriate user is mentioned somewhere there. # c) a Linux kernel supporting hotplug and usbdevfs # d) the hotplug package (http: / /linux-hotplug. sourceforge. net/) # # In the usermap file, the first field "usb module" should be named # "consoleUserPerms" to invoke this script. # if ["${ACTION}" = "add"] & & [-f "${DEVICE}"] then # New code, using lock files instead of copying / dev/ console permissions # This also works with non-kdm logins (e. g. on a virtual terminal) # Idea and code from Nalin Dahyabhai < nalin\@redhat\.com > if [-f /var/run/console.lock] then CONSOLEOWNER=`cat /var/run/console.lock` elif [-f /var/lock/console.lock] then CONSOLEOWNER=`cat /var/lock/console.lock` else CONSOLEOWNER= fi if [-n "$CONSOLEOWNER"] then chmod 0000 "${DEVICE}" chown "$CONSOLEOWNER" "${DEVICE}" chmod 0600 "${DEVICE}" fi fi]] >
& lt; !DOCTYPE KrusaderUserActions > & lt; KrusaderUserActions > & lt; action name="set wallpaper "> & lt; title > Set as Wallpaperlt; /title > & lt; tooltip > Set as wallpaperlt; /tooltip > & lt; icon > imagelt; /icon > & lt; category > Service Menult; /category > & lt; description > Set as wallpaper (scaled)lt; /description > & lt; command > dcop kdesktop KBackgroundIface setWallpaper & quot; %aCurrent%quot; 6lt; /command > & lt; defaultshortcut > Win+Wlt; /defaultshortcut > & lt; /action > & lt; /KrusaderUserActions >
The safest way to enter the building is to go down the top-left ladder and wait on top of the short ladder to the right. As an enemy approaches, run over him to the pole. Now go right and fall onto the balcony, then dig out and fall. Run into the lobby and up the ladder sculpture to get gold. Fall off to the left onto the concrete block and wait for the enemies to bunch up. Fall left and run back outside to the concrete outcropping with the enemies following. Use the same ladder and pole to get back in. Run to the very top of the building up the rightmost ladders. Stand at the leftmost point of the roof. Wait for an enemy to fall below you, then step back, dig and fall after him to the balcony, where you can collect three gold pieces. If you wait long enough on the roof before falling you can persuade several enemies to follow and become trapped on the balcony. Use the ladders on the right to collect the remaining gold and exit.
Many window systems require you to click the mouse in another window to begin using it. This is & kde; 's default behavior, termed Click To Focus focus policy. But you can also configure your desktop in a way that moving the mouse pointer on to a window will activate it. This is called Focus Follows Mouse. If you select this policy using the kde; Control Center, the window under the mouse pointer is always the active one. It does n't necessarily come to the front automatically, but you can still click on to the titlebar or the border of a window or, a & kde; special, you can use the & Alt; key and click the & MMB; anywhere on the window to raise it.
Each player takes it in turns to draw a line between two adjacent dots on the board. By hovering the mouse over the game board, a yellow indicator line will show you where your line will be placed when you click. Once you have decided where you want to draw your line, click - and the line will be drawn. If by drawing a line, you completed a square then this square now belongs to you and earns you a point. Each time you complete a square, you must draw another line. If your line did not complete a square then the next player(s) take their turn. The game will continue until every square on the board is owned by one of the players.
Browser Identification The browser-identification module allows you to have full control over how Konqueror will identify itself to web sites you browse. This ability to fake identification is necessary because some web sites do not display properly when they detect that they are not talking to current versions of either Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer, even if the browser actually supports all the necessary features to render those pages properly. For such sites, you can use this feature to try to browse them. Please understand that this might not always work, since such sites might be using non-standard web protocols and or specifications. NOTE: To obtain specific help on a particular section of the dialog box, simply click on the quick help button on the window title bar, then click on the section for which you are seeking help.
Also, if you want to track a bug that was reported against a past tagged release, & CVS; offers you the possibility to retrieve the software as it was released, by updating to that tag. Besides, if you want to fetch a past version of your project, you can update your working copy to a specific date. This may be useful if an error was introduced in the project between two releases, and you have an opinion on when that was. When you update to a date or tag, the versions of your files will be the same as the versions in that specific date or the versions stamped by that tag.
Bottom Margin. This spinbox/ text edit field lets you control the bottom margin of your printout if the printing application does not define its margins internally. The setting works for instance for ASCII text file printing, or for printing from KMail and and Konqueror. Note: This margin setting is not intended for KOffice or OpenOffice. org printing, because these applications (or rather their users) are expected to do it by themselves. It also does not work for PostScript or PDF file, which in most cases have their margins hardcoded internally. Additional hint for power users: This KDEPrint GUI element corresponds to the CUPS command line job option parameter: -o page-bottom=... # use values from "0" or higher. "72" is equal to 1 inch.
Image Access next image scrollwheel down/ down arrow/ right arrow/ PgDown/ Space/ n previous image scrollwheel up/ up arrow/ left arrow/ PgUp/ p quit Esc Display < br > toggle fullscreen/normal f toggle scrollwheel action c (either zoom or change image) rotation r reset view double click original size o Zooming move mouse in up/down-direction while pressing the right mouse button alternatively, press c and use the scrollwheel plus/minus ctrl + scrollwheel Panning move mouse while pressing the left button
When & krusader; is & eg; browsing an NFS share and the NFS server goes down, & krusader; will freeze. This & krusader; (and all other open internal viewers/ editors) freeze is fatal, and can only be corrected with the kill -9. We have no solution for this. This is an issue not confined to file managers, or even the & Linux; OS! The problem is that you "hang" on the first access to the dead share - so there is no way around it, no check to avoid it, even ls will freeze. Just trying to read something - anything - is enough to get you stuck. The one and only way around this architectural problem is using a multi-threaded design - this way if we get stuck, we do n't hang the entire application event loop, but we do n't think that the time is right for adding threads, we are not sure that *all* the & kde; systems out there are using & Qt; -mt (the multi threaded version of the & Qt; library), and the Krusader Krew may not be the right people to address this major issue in any case; so currently this is just a bug we have to learn to live with.
The server does not seem to support pipelining; therefore, this option has been disabled. Since some servers do not correctly announce their capabilities you still have the possibility to turn pipelining on. But please note that this feature can cause some POP servers that do not support pipelining to send corrupt messages. So before using this feature with important mail you should first test it by sending yourself a larger number of test messages which you all download in one go from the POP server.
Paper Size This field indicates the paper size the poster tiles will be printed on. To select a different paper size for your poster tiles, go to the'General 'tab of this dialog and select one from the drop-down list. Available sizes are most standard paper sizes supported by your printer. Your printer's supported paper sizes are read from the printer driver info (as laid down in the'PPD', the printer description file.) Be aware that the'Paper Size 'selected may not be supported by'poster' (example: 'HalfLetter ') while it may well be supported by your printer. If you hit that obstacle, simply use another, supported Paper Size, such as'A4' or'Letter '. Notice, how the little preview window below changes with your change of paper size. It indicates how many tiles need to be printed to make up the poster, given the selected paper and poster size. Hint: The little preview window below is not just a passive icon. You can click on its individual tiles to select them for printing. To select multiple tiles to be printed at once, you need to'shift-click' on the tiles ('shift-click 'means: hold down the [SHIFT]-key on your keyboard and click with the mouse while [SHIFT]-key is held.) The order in which you click dictates the order in which the tiles are printed. The order of your selection (and for the printed tiles) is indicated by the contents of the text field labelled as'Tile pages (to be printed):' Note: By default, no tiles are selected. Before you can print (a part of) your poster, you must select at least one tile.
There is no need for the setuid bit, if you know a bit of & UNIX; systems administration. Simply create a modem group, add all users that you want to give access to the modem to that group and make the modem device read/ writable for that group. Also if you want DNS configuration to work with & kppp;, then / etc/ resolv. conf must be read/ writable by the members of that group. The same counts for / etc/ ppp/ pap-secrets and / etc/ ppp/ chap-secrets if you want to use the built-in PAP or CHAP support, respectively.
In all of our previous examples we've relied on & kstart; and ksystraycmd to figure out which window we want to affect, and unless we say otherwise, they assume that the first window to appear is the one we want. This policy is usually OK because we are starting the application at the same time, but it can fail badly when lots of windows are appearing (such as when you log on). To make our commands more robust we can use the --window parameter. This specifies the title of the target window. The following example uses the --window parameter to ensure that a particular konsole window is affected:
Abbreviation for R emote L ine P rinting R equest; this is a BSD-style printing system, that needs no root privileges to be installed, and no "printcap" to work: all parameters may be specified on the command line. RLPR comes in handy for many laptop users who are working in frequently changing environments. This is because it may be installed concurrently with every other printing sub system, and allows a very flexible and quick way to install a printer for direct access via LPR/ LPD. KDEPrint has an "Add Printer Wizard" to make RLPR usage even easier. The kprinter command allows switching to RLPR "on the fly" at any time.
To modify a view profile (say, the Web Browsing profile), load the profile with Settings Load View Profile Web Browsing, and change the & konqueror; settings to whatever you want. Now select Settings Save View Profile "Web Browsing".... In the dialog which appears, you can change the name of the profile, which will create a new profile with that name, or you can leave the name as it is to modify the current profile. If you select Save URLs in profile, the current & URL; will be loaded when you load that view profile. This functions in a similar way to the Home Page in many web browsers. If you want & konqueror; to start up with an empty window enter about: blank into the location bar before saving the profile.
Coverage report. In directory mode, the report summarizes the coverage with a list of all the directories that contain at least one covered file. It could include directories out of the specified path, depending on the files included in the source code. In file mode, all the files of the selected directory are shown. If several directories are selected, only the files of the last selected directory are shown. Double clicking on any of the items shows the associated file in the editor, annotated with the coverage information. You can change between directory and file mode using left and right keys.
Cryptography can use the public keys stored in your & kde; address book for each contact. However, it must be able to know which address book entry is associated with which meta-contact. To provide this information, choose Properties from the meta-contact context menu, and then set the Address Book Link. Cryptography can also export public keys that you have set to your address book. If a meta-contact has an address book link, then the key will go in the correct address book entry, replacing an existing one. If no link exists (possibly because no address book entry exists for the individual in question), a new entry will be created. This entry will have two fields filled: the public key from & kopete; and the meta-contact's display name.
The desktop toolbox, accessed via the top right corner has a button for zooming out. & plasma; allows you to have more than one activity. Basically, that is multiple desktop containments hosting multiple sets of & plasmoids;. Zoom out from your current activity, choose Add activity to create a new containment, zoom in to your new containment and customize suiting your taste. & plasma; apos; s zooming and & kwin; apos; s desktop grid are similar in that respect, but there is a fundamental difference. While virtual desktop are used to group and organize windows, & plasma; apos; s activities are used to group and organize plasmoids. This way, you can switch between activities and have relevant & plasmoids; supporting the task you're currently trying to accomplish. You can create a & quot; Free timequot; activity, with comic strips, a puzzle and other & plasmoids;, and a work activity, with relevant RSS feeds, calculator and calendar, for example.
A new wall has a head which moves away from the point where the mouse was clicked. A wall is not permanent until this head runs into another wall. If a ball collides with any part of the wall except the head, before the head has run into another wall, the new wall will disappear completely and one life will be lost. If a ball collides with the head in the direction of the wall's growth, the wall will stop growing there, and become permanent, with no loss of life. If a ball collides with the head from any other side, the ball will bounce off and the wall will continue to grow normally.
This lets you create an icon to open & konqueror; at a particular folder or web page. As with Link To Application... you can make the application icon appear on your desktop by creating the link in your ~/ Desktop folder or going to the Create New... sub menu by right clicking on a free area of the desktop. When you first create it the text shown with the icon will be the full path or & URL;. You can change it by right clicking on the icon, selecting Properties... and entering the preferred text in the General tab page.
JPEG Chroma subsampling level (color is saved with less resolution than luminance): None =best: uses 4:4:4 ratio. Does not employ chroma subsampling at all. This preserves edges and contrasting colors, whilst adding no additional compression Medium: uses 4:2:2 ratio. Medium compression: reduces the color resolution by one-third with little to no visual difference High: use 4:1:1 ratio. High compression: suits images with soft edges but tends to alter colors Note: JPEG always uses lossy compression.
The column to the left of the 1 requires a quick run down and back up, with careful dodging both ways to avoid the enemies. To get the gold in the middle of the 6, drop down on the top of the'O 'part of the 6, move right/ dig left and immediately move left and dig left to delay the enemy who otherwise is likely to catch you. However, you may wish to leave this piece of gold to the end so as not to free two additional enemies earlier; it is possible to get two enemies to retrap themselves in that section, though. To get the gold held by enemies in the bottom right, dig out the blocking square to their left, run up the ladder, dig off the right side of the 6, drop in, run left and dig off a square on the left side of the 6 and drop to the floor. The timing is tight - only one or two enemies in the bottom right section will be able to move to the next section to the left. You will still need to dig out the bottom of the 6 to get their gold, but that is straightforward albeit a bit hectic because of the enemies lingering to the left of the 6. Once you have gotten all the gold, you may find it easiest to exit by passing through the middle false floor on the 1 and exiting via the ladders on the left of the 1.
This window lets you modify the four properties that define a FOV symbol: name, size, shape, and color. The angular size for the symbol can either be entered directly in the Field of View edit box, or you can use the Eyepiece/ Camera Tabs to calculate the field-of-view angle, given parameters of your telescope/ eyepiece or telescope/ camera setup. The four available shapes are: Circle, Square, Crosshairs, and Bullseye. Once you have specified all four parameters, press Ok, and the symbol will appear in the list of defined symbols. It will also be available from the Settings _BAR_ FOV menu.
Previous versions of & kde; provided a trick to allow you to use the & Windows; key both as a modifier (so you could have shortcuts like Win R), and as a regular key (so that pressing Win on its own could open the & kmenu;). This feature was removed for reasons of usability and accessibility, as well as keeping the code clean. For current versions of & kde;, you have two options: either use a different shortcut to open the & kmenu; (the default is Alt; F1), or remap the Win key to be a regular key, rather than a modifier.
We have released & quantaplus; 3.4 and are now in preparation for the next major release. The targeted 4.0 release is a partial rewrite of Quanta to use the features offered by the KDevelop framework. Our objective remains to create the very best web development environment. We realize that we will need many more people actively developing & quantaplus; to accomplish this, so we are in the process of developing enhancements geared toward making it easy for web developers to customize, extend, and enhance & quantaplus;. Much of this has been accomplished with the 3.4 release. Soon will be asking you, the web developers, to contribute your feature enhancements. We will organize these so that & quantaplus; web developers can find just the resources, extensions, and custom plug-ins they need to be the most reliable, professional developers ever!
Konqueror in KDE3.1 has tabs, and now you can also have gestures.\\ Just press the middle mouse button and start drawing one of the gestures, and after you are finished, release the mouse button. If you only need to paste the selection, it still works, just click the middle mouse button. (You can change the mouse button to use in the global settings).\\ Right now, there are the following gestures available:\ move right and back left - Forward (Alt+Right)\ move left and back right - Back (Alt+Left)\ move up and back down - Up (Alt+Up)\ circle anticlockwise - Reload (F5)\\ The gesture shapes can be entered by performing them in the configuration dialog. You can also look at your numeric pad to help you: gestures are recognized like a 3x3 grid of fields, numbered 1 to 9.\\ Note that you must perform exactly the gesture to trigger the action. Because of this, it is possible to enter more gestures for the action. You should try to avoid complicated gestures where you change the direction of mouse movement more than once. For instance, 45654 or 74123 are simple to perform, but 1236987 may be already quite difficult.\\ The conditions for all gestures are defined in this group. All these gestures are active only if the active window is Konqueror (class contains'konqueror ').
Setup proxy configuration. A proxy server is an intermediate machine that sits between your computer and the Internet and provides services such as web page caching and filtering. Caching proxy servers give you faster access to web sites you have already visited by locally storing or caching those pages; filtering proxy servers usually provide the ability to block out requests for ads, spam, or anything else you want to block. If you are uncertain whether or not you need to use a proxy server to connect to the Internet, consult your Internet service provider's setup guide or your system administrator.
If you are going to use the folder for a mailing list then you should check Folder holds a mailing list to associate this folder with the mailing list. Next you should click on Detect Automatically. & kmail; will then try to guess some information about the mailing list from the currently selected message. If & kmail; could not determine some addresses then you can add the missing information manually. To do this first select the Address type for which you want to add an address. You can choose between:
KDE is available free of charge, but costs are incurred and assets formed in its creation. Thus, the KDE community formed KDE e.V., a non-profit organization legally founded in Tuebingen, Germany. KDE e.V. represents the KDE community in legal and financial matters. See http://www.kde-ev.orgfor information on KDE e.V. KDE benefits from financial support. Most of the funds raised are used to reimburse members and others for expenses they incur when contributing to KDE. You are encouraged to support KDE through a financial donation, using one of the ways described at http://www.kde.org/support/. Thank you very much in advance for your support.
& lt; highlightinggt; & lt; list name=quot; somenamequot; gt; & lt; itemgt; class & lt; /itemgt; & lt; itemgt; const & lt; /itemgt; & lt; /listgt; & lt; contextsgt; & lt; context attribute=quot; Normal Textquot; lineEndContext=quot; #popquot; name=quot; Normal Textquot; & gt; & lt; keyword attribute=quot; Keywordquot; context=quot; #stayquot; String=quot; somenamequot; / gt; & lt; DetectChar attribute=quot; Stringquot; context=quot; stringquot; char=quot; amp; quot; quot; / gt; & lt; /contextgt; & lt; context attribute=quot; Stringquot; lineEndContext=quot; #stayquot; name=quot; stringquot; & gt; & lt; DetectChar attribute=quot; Stringquot; context=quot; #popquot; char=quot; amp; quot; quot; / gt; & lt; /contextgt; & lt; /contextsgt; & lt; itemDatasgt; & lt; itemData name=quot; Normal Textquot; defStyleNum=quot; dsNormalquot; / gt; & lt; itemData name=quot; Keywordquot; defStyleNum=quot; dsKeywordquot; / gt; & lt; itemData name=quot; Stringquot; defStyleNum=quot; dsStringquot; / gt; & lt; /itemDatasgt; & lt; /highlightinggt;
When this option is enabled, the passphrase of your private key will be remembered by the application as long as the application is running. Thus you will only have to enter the passphrase once. Be aware that this could be a security risk. If you leave your computer, others can use it to send signed messages and/ or read your encrypted messages. If a core dump occurs, the contents of your RAM will be saved onto disk, including your passphrase. Note that when using KMail, this setting only applies if you are not using gpg-agent. It is also ignored if you are using crypto plugins.
The author of this documentation has also granted you permission to use the content under the terms of the FreeBSD Documentation License, if you so choose. If you wish to allow use of your version of this content only under the terms of the FreeBSD Documentation License, and not to allow others to use your version of this file under the terms of the GFDL, indicate your decision by deleting the GFDL notice and replacing it with the notice and other provisions required by the FreeBSD Documentation License. If you do not delete the GFDL notice above, a recipient may use your version of this file under the terms of either the GFDL or the FreeBSD Documentation License.
Asymmetric: The Left Directory is the target directory, the Right Directory is the source directory. This function synchronizes the content of the left directory to the right directory. The files that exist only on the left side will be deleted. The files that exist only on the right side will be copied to left. The files considered to be equal will be untouched. Those files considered to be different will be copied to left. Use this feature with care! This function is useful if the date information is unusable, or to synchronize the left directory to the content of a file server (like a download). Alternatively, it is useful to make a backup from the right directory to the left directory. NOTE: Do NOT use this option to synchronize a desktop and a notebook (e. g. files that exist only on the left side will be deleted!).
There is a batch mode for this module. You must construct an input file in which each line specifies values for the input parameters (solar system body, date, time, longitude, and latitude). You may choose to specify a constant value for some of the parameters in the calculator window (these parameters should be skipped in the input file). You may also specify which of the output parameters (Equatorial, Horizontal, and Ecliptic coordinates) should be calculated. Finally, specify the input and output filenames, and press the Run button to generate the output file with the computed values.
lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 13 13:11 S10network -gt;.. / init. d/ network lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 16 13:11 S30syslog -gt;.. / init. d/ syslog lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 14 13:32 S40cron -gt;.. / init. d/ cron lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 14 13:11 S50inet -gt;.. / init. d/ inet lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 13 13:11 S60nfs -gt;.. / init. d/ nfs lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 15 13:11 S70nfsfs -gt;.. / init. d/ nfsfs lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 18 13:11 S75keytable -gt;.. / init. d/ keytable lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 23 13:11 S80sendmail -gt;.. / init. d/ sendmail. init lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 18 13:11 S90lpd -gt;.. / init. d/ lpd. init lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 11 13:11 S99local -gt;.. / rc. local
& lt; ?xml version="1.0 "? gt; & lt; DOCTYPE kvtml PUBLIC" kvtml2. dtd "" http: / /edu. kde. org/ kanagram/ kvtml2. dtd"gt; & lt; kvtml version="2.0"gt; & lt; informationgt; & lt; generatorgt; converterlt; /generatorgt; & lt; titlegt; Animalslt; /titlegt; lt; !--Translate tag content--gt; & lt; commentgt; Animals from across the planetlt; /commentgt; lt; !--Translate tag content--gt; & lt; /informationgt; & lt; identifiersgt; & lt; identifier id="0 "& gt; & lt; localegt; enlt; /localegt; & lt; /identifiergt; & lt; /identifiersgt;... & lt; entry id="0" & gt; & lt; inactivegt; falselt; /inactivegt; & lt; inquerygt; falselt; /inquerygt; & lt; translation id="0 "& gt; & lt; textgt; bearlt; /textgt; lt; !--Translate all text tags content--gt; & lt; commentgt; Large heavy animal with thick furlt; /commentgt; lt; !--Translate all comment tags content--gt; & lt; /translationgt; & lt; /entrygt;... & lt; /kvtmlgt;
The calendar files in which & kalarm; stores its alarms are text files whose format is defined by the document RFC2445 - Internet Calendaring and Scheduling Core Object Specification (iCalendar). This is the standard format used by all kdepim applications. & kalarm; uses certain non-standard properties, in conformance with RFC2445. In the VEVENT component: X-KDE-KALARM-FLAGS, X-KDE-KALARM-NEXTRECUR, X-KDE-KALARM-REPEAT, X-KDE-KALARM-ARCHIVE, X-KDE-KALARM-LOG, and in the VALARM component: X-KDE-KALARM-TYPE, X-KDE-KALARM-NEXTREPEAT, X-KDE-KALARM-FONTCOLOR, X-KDE-KALARM-VOLUME, X-KDE-KALARM-SPEAK, X-KDE-KALARM-EMAILID.
If no such field is already present this will add a new header field with the given name and value to the message; if there already is a header field with that name, it is overwritten with the given value; if there are already multiple headers with the given name (eg; Received: headers), an arbitrary one of them is overwritten and the others are left unchanged -- this is a known limitation. You may want to combine this filter with the remove header filter above to make sure that there are no other headers with that name in the message.
Some mail advertisements are in HTML and contain references to, for example, images that the advertisers employ to find out that you have read their message ("web bugs"). There is no valid reason to load images off the Internet like this, since the sender can always attach the required images directly to the message. To guard from such a misuse of the HTML displaying feature of KMail, this option is disabled by default. However, if you wish to, for example, view images in HTML messages that were not attached to it, you can enable this option, but you should be aware of the possible problem.
This problem occurs when you use the NVIDIA installer and not the official NVIDIA packages of your distribution. & krusader; is based on & Qt; which can be linked against the X OpenGL libraries. As a result & krusader; may look for OpenGL as well. The problem is that the NVIDIA installer (prior to version 7xxx) does n't perform it's task properly: it replaces the OpenGL header files (which get included into & krusader;) but does n't set the libGL links correctly. The best solution is to use the NVIDIA packages provided by your distributor or a new NVIDIA installer, the current version at the moment of writing is 7114. If, for some reason, you must use an old NVIDIA driver, one solution is the following hack, the exact commands depend on the distribution used and the version of the NVIDIA driver (6111 in this example), but it should read something like this:
To facilitate KDE translation, Lokalize can capture text from applications' user interfaces and search for translation files containing the text. When enabled, the capture can be initiated by middle mouse clicking on any non-editable GUI element (widget). After that, switch to the Lokalize window and choose the entry with this text. Even if several files contain the same string, the right one will be chosen in most cases. Remember that you need to have an up-to-date actual translation memory with all translation files indexed for this feature to work.
The first one uses the name of the PHP executable. & kommander; searches PATH for php and if it is not found looks to see if it is registered with & kommander; in a location outside of your path. If not it tells the user it cannot be found. The second examples uses the classic shebang which can have some benefits and also problems. If you have a beta copy of PHP5, for instance, in / usr/ local/ bin which would not be found because it would find on in / usr/ bin this is useful. If, however, you distribute the dialog to someone who has PHP in / usr/ local/ bin only it will not be found with the shebang used. So using shebangs is cautioned and using the executable is recommended if you are sharing files.
If you do not understand the math, this just says that the magnitude of a given star (m) is different from that of some standard star (m_0) by 2.5 times the logarithm of their flux ratio. The 2.5 *log factor means that if the flux ratio is 100, the difference in magnitudes is 5 mag. So, a 6th magnitude star is 100 times fainter than a 1st magnitude star. The reason Hipparchus's simple classification translates to a relatively complex function is that the human eye responds logarithmically to light.
Console applications support copying and pasting from & kde; -compliant applications. Simply mark the text in the console application with your mouse, switch to the & kde; -compliant application and press Ctrl; V to paste the text. If you want to copy from & kde; application to a console application, first mark the text with your mouse, press Ctrl; C, switch to the console application and press the middle button on your mouse If your mouse does not have a middle button, you must press left and right button at the same time. This is called middle button emulation and it must be supported by your operating system to work..
Checking Use the checking account type to manage activities on your checking account e. g. payments, checks and cash card purchases. Savings Use the savings account type to manage activities on your savings account. Credit Card Use the credit card account type to manage activities on your credit card. Cash Use the cash account type to manage activities in your wallet. Loan Use the loan account type to manage amortization loans (e. g. mortgages, car loan, money you lend, private loans etc.). Investment Use the investment account to manage your stock, mutual fund and other investments. Asset Use the asset account type to manage assets (e. g. your house, car or art collection). Liability Use the liability account type to manage any type of liability except amortization loans. Use it for taxes you owe or money you borrowed from friends. For amortization loans like mortgages you should create a loan account.
You want to define the uppercase'R 'character. It has the unicode 82. The character obtained when the'R' key is pressed without modifier is the small'r 'with the unicode 114. The finger for the'R' rests over the'f 'key which has the unicode 102. And in order to get the'R' you need to press the right (or left) shift key which has the code 264 (this is actually not a unicode but the code obtained from a keypress event of QT). Note that the identification of controll keys will likely change in the next version of & ktouch;. But for now you can use the codes used in other keyboard files.
Imagine you as the administrator of a LAN. For testing purposes you fully installed one & kde; /CUPS; box on your net, complete with a dozen printers configured and functional: & PostScript;, LaserJets, InkJets and BubbleJets, and so on. Your & kde; users on that box are very happy, they can print like never before, ringing all the bells and whistles of every printer. It took you 2 hours to make everything run perfectly... and now all the other 100 users on the network want the same. Two hours again for every box? No way you could do that before next year, you think?
Here you can set specific JavaScript policies for any particular host or domain. To add a new policy, simply click the New... button and supply the necessary information requested by the dialog box. To change an existing policy, click on the Change... button and choose the new policy from the policy dialog box. Clicking on the Delete button will remove the selected policy causing the default policy setting to be used for that domain. The Import and Export button allows you to easily share your policies with other people by allowing you to save and retrieve them from a zipped file.
If you're not a programmer you may want that in laymans terms. In number one, if you launch & kommander; from a console then the console is the calling program. There is a parent child relationship there. Sending a message to console is done with the standard output (stdout) of the child program, so named because there is also error output. This is interesting because some programs, like & quantaplus;, use stdout to receive information from programs they launch. So & kommander; dialogs can output their text strings directly into & quantaplus; 's editor if they are called from & quantaplus;. This means & kommander; dialogs can be useful extentions to programs.
# Query whether networking features are active or not. # - If the'status' option is given, return whether # networking is enabled for the system # - If the'wireless' option is given, return whether # wireless is enabled for the system # - If the'wireless-hardware 'option is given, # return whether the wireless hardware is enabled # - If the'interface' option is given, print the # properties of the network interface that'uni 'refers to. # - If the'network' option is given, print the # properties of the network on'device-uni 'that'network-uni' refers to.
The Script Builder is shown in the above screenshot. The box on the left is the Current Script box; it shows the list of commands that comprise the current working script. The box on the right is the Function Browser; it displays the list of all available script functions. Below the Function Browser, there is a small panel which will display short documentation about the script function highlighted in the Function Browser. The panel below the Current Script box is the Function Arguments panel; when a function is highlighted in the Current Script box, this panel will contain items for specifying values for any arguments that the highlighted function requires.
Left Margin. This spinbox/ text edit field lets you control the left margin of your printout if the printing application does not define its margins internally. The setting works for instance for ASCII text file printing, or for printing from KMail and and Konqueror. Note: This margin setting is not intended for KOffice or OpenOffice. org printing, because these applications (or rather their users) are expected to do it by themselves. It also does not work for PostScript or PDF file, which in most cases have their margins hardcoded internally. Additional hint for power users: This KDEPrint GUI element corresponds to the CUPS command line job option parameter: -o page-left=... # use values from "0" or higher. "72" is equal to 1 inch.
Retrograde Motion is most often used in reference to the motion of the outer planets (Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, and so forth). Though these planets appear to move from east to west on a nightly basis in response to the spin of the Earth, they are actually drifting slowly eastward with respect to the stationary stars, which can be observed by noting the position of these planets for several nights in a row. This motion is normal for these planets, however, and not considered Retrograde Motion. However, since the Earth completes its orbit in a shorter period of time than these outer planets, we occasionally overtake an outer planet, like a faster car on a multiple-lane highway. When this occurs, the planet we are passing will first appear to stop its eastward drift, and it will then appear to drift back toward the west. This is Retrograde Motion, since it is in a direction opposite that which is typical for planets. Finally, as the Earth swings past the planet in its orbit, they appear to resume their normal west-to-east drift on successive nights.
Mathematicians calculate that a 3x3x3 cube can be shuffled into 43,252,003,274,489,856,000 different patterns, yet they conjecture that all positions can be solved in 20 moves or less. The method that can do that (as yet undiscovered) is called God's Algorithm. Many longer methods are known. See the two Wikipedia articles on Rubik's Cube and Optimal Solutions for Rubik's Cube. Several methods work systematically by building the solution one layer at a time, using sequences of moves that solve a few pieces without disturbing what has already been done. The'Beginner Solution 'demonstrated here uses that approach. Just over 100 moves solve a cube that is shuffled in 20.
When an alarm message is due, it is displayed on each & kde; desktop and cannot be covered by ordinary windows, to ensure that you see it. The message window shows the time for which the alarm was scheduled, so that you can see when it popped up if you were away from the computer at the time. If the alarm's scheduled time is in a different time zone from your local computer's setting, its time zone will also be displayed. (For reminder messages, the date/ time shown is that for the main alarm or its recurrence, not the reminder message time, and the window title is Reminder.)
Already years ago experts were not able to differentiate a 256 kbps mp3 from the & CD; original and that was in a blind test with a HiFi system which you might never be able to effort. That still will reduce the storage space of the original wav by the factor of 5.5. On most modern systems you can as well use variable bit rate. Here the encoder varies the bit rate depending the complexity of the music according to its psychoacoustic model. The lame setting '--preset extreme 'generates a file with a VBR (variable bit rate in opposite to CBR, constant bit rate) of 224 to 256 kbps, depending the complexity of the music. This will compress the original by a factor up to 6.3 and will play on nearly everything currently on the market.
& blinken; is based on an electronic game released in 1978, which challenges players to remember sequences of increasing length. On the face of the device, there are 4 different color buttons, each one with their own distinctive sound. These buttons light up randomly, creating the sequence that the player must then recall. If the player is successful in remembering the sequence of lights in the correct order, they advance to the next stage, where an identical sequence with one extra step is presented. If they are incorrect, the game is lost, and the player must start again from the beginning. The goal is to get a high score - each step in the sequence is worth one point, so correct entry of a sequence of 8 lights is worth 8 points on the high score table.
Modified in the last/ not modified in the last: in these input boxes, you do not enter a date but a number. This number represents days/ weeks/ months (as chosen in the near drop box). Entering the number 5 in the upper input box, makes & krusader; search for files that were modified in the last 5 days. Entering the number 2 in the lower input box makes & krusader; search for files that did NOT change in the last 2 days. The combination of both results in a search for files that were changed in the last 5 days, but NOT in the last 2 days.
When creating a project you can opt to copy to your local project, all the existing global and user templates. Legacy project get default templating abilities so nothing is lost. You can choose where to locate your template files so they can be in your server root and easy to upload or you can make them secure to link to below server root which is a very cool trick. When linking to a file not in the project templates you will be prompted to copy the file to the project templates prior to linking. This will prevent broken links on upload. You always have control where you place your templates so you can choose to move them. However & quantaplus; does not track this so you will need to change links.
You can use wildcards if you do not remember the exact summary. If you do not know single character of the summary, put? instead of the missing character. If you do not know more characters, use *. For instance if you know that the event or to-do has meeting in the beginning and product after, you would write meeting*product in the Find dialog. & korganizer; will locate entries like To-do: arrange meeting about the new product, Meeting to discuss the old product line and similar. Letter case is ignored.
Branches of a module are parallel versions of this module. A good real-life example of the use of this feature is the release of a software project. After a major release, there are bugs in the code that should be fixed, but people want to add new features to the application too. It is very hard to do both at the same time because new features usually introduce new bugs, making it hard to track down the old ones. To solve this dilemma, & CVS; lets you create a parallel version, that we will call the & quot; stable release branchquot;, where you can only add bugfixes, leaving the main branch (HEAD) open for adding new features.
To edit a tag (be it an image, an applet, or whatever), switch to the Attribute Tree, accessible via View Tool views. Click on the tag you wish to edit, or, if you cannot access it, click on an object contained by it. The Attribute Tree will show the current tag name as well as a list of all its parents and attributes. Currently & VPL; does not support, say, & XHTML; + MathML, but you will see that you can edit namespaces via this view. You can simply click on the Value field and modify whatever you want. If you want to access a parent of the current tag, then select it and the Attribute Tree will load it.
& amarok; assigns a rating (a number 1-100) to a song based on how many times you've listened to it and whether you skip the song without it finishing. Every time the song finishes playing, the rating is changed. The code for changing the rating is in collectiondb. cpp. As of version 1.2.2, it was on line 1181, though you can find it by searching for "CollectionDB: :addSongPercentage". When defining a score for a track which has never been played before, & amarok; uses the calculation score = ((50 + percentage) / 2)
Screen Saver This module allows you to enable and configure a screen saver. Note that you can enable a screen saver even if you have power saving features enabled for your display. Besides providing an endless variety of entertainment and preventing monitor burn-in, a screen saver also gives you a simple way to lock your display if you are going to leave it unattended for a while. If you want the screen saver to lock the session, make sure you enable the "Require password" feature of the screen saver; if you do not, you can still explicitly lock the session using the desktop's "Lock Session" action.
On an audio CD each track (except for the last) can have a post-gap. This does not mean that K3b adds an additional gap of silence to the track. This setting simply influences the display on a Hifi audio CD player. The part of an audio track that is marked as post-gap is counted backwards. This setting is irrelevant for most users as modern CD burners can put arbitrary audio data in the post-gap when burning in DAO mode. In other CD-burning applications the post-gap might be called the pre-gap. The pre-gap of track 2 is the same as the post-gap of track 1. Changing the post-gap does not change the length of the track. When writing in TAO writing mode (not recommended for Audio CDs) the post-gap will most likely be muted and on some burners forced to 2 seconds.
Here you choose what color you want you background for the text in the next message you send to be. If you choose a color and click Ok, the chosen color is added to the Input Line. Any text written after this will have the chosen color, until you change the color again. Choosing the default "None" will not change the background color of your message, so your readers will view your message with their normal background text color. Note: Not all clients support this, and not all users turn on the option to see this.
Many digital cameras now have an orientation sensor. This sensor can detect how you hold the camera while taking an image. It stores this orientation information inside the image. This meta data is stored in an embedded meta-data section called EXIF. The cameras could rotate the image themselves right away, but they have limited processing power, so they leave this job to an application like & digikam;. If the camera is storing the orientation, then & digikam; can use it to automatically rotate your photographs so that they are the correct way up when you display them. & digikam; will rotate the image on disk according to this orientation information.
Select the blurring effect to apply to image. Zoom Blur: blurs the image along radial lines starting from a specified center point. This simulates the blur of a zooming camera. Radial Blur: blurs the image by rotating the pixels around the specified center point. This simulates the blur of a rotating camera. Far Blur: blurs the image by using far pixels. This simulates the blur of an unfocalized camera lens. Motion Blur: blurs the image by moving the pixels horizontally. This simulates the blur of a linear moving camera. Softener Blur: blurs the image softly in dark tones and hardly in light tones. This gives images a dreamy and glossy soft focus effect. It is ideal for creating romantic portraits, glamour photographs, or giving images a warm and subtle glow. Shake Blur: blurs the image by shaking randomly the pixels. This simulates the blur of a random moving camera. Focus Blur: blurs the image corners to reproduce the astigmatism distortion of a lens. Smart Blur: finds the edges of color in your image and blurs them without muddying the rest of the image. Frost Glass: blurs the image by randomly disperse light coming through a frosted glass. Mosaic: divides the photograph into rectangular cells and then recreates it by filling those cells with average pixel value.
Reverse Order If the "Reverse" checkbox is enabled, the output order for multiple copies of a multi-page document will be "... -3-2-1,... -3-2-1,... -3-2-1", if you also have en abled the "Collate" checkbox at the same time (the usual scenario). If the "Reverse" checkbox is enabled, the output order for multiple copies of a multi-page document will be "... -3-3-3,... -2-2-2,... -1-1-1", if you have dis abled the "Collate" checkbox at the same time. Additional hint for power users: This KDEPrint GUI element corresponds to the CUPS commandline job option parameter: -o outputorder=... # example: "reverse"
Enter the filename you are looking for. Alternatives may be separated by a semicolon ";". The filename may contain the following special characters:? matches any single character * matches zero or more of any characters [...] matches any of the characters between the braces Example searches: *. kwd; *. txt finds all files ending with. kwd or. txt go[dt] finds god and got Hel? o finds all files that start with "Hel" and end with "o", having one character in between My Document. kwd finds a file of exactly that name
There can be multiple configuration files with the same name in the share/ config sub-directory of the various & kde; directory trees. In this case the information of all these configuration files is combined on a key-by-key basis. If the same key within a certain group is defined in more than one place, the key value read from the directory tree with the highest precedence will be used. Configuration files under $KDEHOME always have the highest precedence. If a key in a certain group is defined multiple times in a single file, the value of the last entry is used.
Your images/ videos are not sorted, which means that navigating using the date bar will only work suboptimally. In the Maintenance menu, you can find Display Images with Incomplete Dates which you can use to find the images that are missing date information. You can then select the images that you have reason to believe have a correct date in either their EXIF data or on the file, and execute Maintenance- > Read EXIF Info to reread the information. Finally, once all images have their dates set, you can execute Images- > Sort Selected by Date & Time to sort them in the database.
Use mimetype magic: mime type magic is a mechanism which allows & krusader; to inspect the files in the panels and determine their type even if the file has no identifying extension. For example, if you take an image file - 'image1. jpg '- and rename it to'image1', & krusader; will still know it's an image file and work with it accordingly. However, this mode of operation is slower (while refreshing the panel, or changing directories), so try & krusader; with and without mime type magic and decide what is best for you.
After collecting all the gold on the left, stay over there, go up high, get the enemy to follow you, then drop to the floor. If an enemy falls near the middle ladder on the right, quickly climb to a point higher than that ladder. After a few tries, you should get all three enemies at the right onto the long rightmost ladder. Now it is easy to clear out the first two areas of gold on the right. Attract three or maybe only two enemies onto the middle ladder at the right. Go up near the hole in the concrete, drop, run right, go up the long ladder, drop left and collect the gold. If you get only two enemies onto the middle ladder, make sure the third one is dropping off the right ladder before you run across. You will then have to go all the way up the long ladder and wait till it is safe to drop left and collect the gold. If the enemies are still carrying gold, keep them chasing you around on the middle ladder and falling to the concrete until they release it.
Detect recursive cycles If this is switched off, the treemap drawing will show black areas when a recursive call is made instead of drawing the recursion ad infinitum. Note that the size of black areas often will be wrong, as inside recursive cycles the cost of calls cannot be determined; the error is small, however, for false cycles (see documentation). The correct handling for cycles is to detect them and collapse all functions of a cycle into an artificial function, which is done when this option is selected. Unfortunately, with GUI applications, this often will lead to huge false cycles, making the analysis impossible; therefore, there is the option to switch this off.
The story began in 1933 when Astronomer Fritz Zwicky was studying the motions of distant and massive clusters of galaxies, specifically the Coma cluster and the Virgo cluster. Zwicky estimated the mass of each galaxy in the cluster based on their luminosity, and added up all of the galaxy masses to get a total cluster mass. He then made a second, independent estimate of the cluster mass, based on measuring the spread in velocities of the individual galaxies in the cluster. To his suprise, this second dynamical mass estimate was 400 times larger than the estimate based on the galaxy light.
KPhotoAlbum shares plugins with other imaging applications, some of which have the concept of albums. KPhotoAlbum does not have this concept; nevertheless, for certain plugins to function, KPhotoAlbum behaves to the plugin system as if it did. KPhotoAlbum does this by defining the current album to be the current view - that is, all the images the browser offers to display. In addition to the current album, KPhotoAlbum must also be able to give a list of all albums; the list of all albums is defined in the following way: When KPhotoAlbum's browser displays the content of a category, say all People, then each item in this category will look like an album to the plugin. Otherwise, the category you specify using this option will be used; e. g. if you specify People with this option, then KPhotoAlbum will act as if you had just chosen to display people and then invoke the plugin which needs to know about all albums. Most users would probably want to specify Events here.
The normal merge will start by solving simple conflicts automatically. But the "Merge"-menu provides some actions for other common needs. If you have to select the same source for most conflicts, then you can choose" A "," B "or" C "everywhere, or only for the remaining unsolved conflicts, or for unsolved white space conflicts. If you want to decide every single delta yourself, you can" Set deltas to conflicts ". Or if you want to return to the automatic choices of & kdiff3; then select" Automatically solve simple conflicts ". & kdiff3; then restarts the merge. For actions that change your previous modifications & kdiff3; will ask for your confirmation before proceeding.
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/ or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
& lt; !DOCTYPE QConfig & gt; lt; qconfiggt; & lt; menubargt; & lt; menu name="Edit"gt; lt; textgt; Editlt; /textgt; & lt; action name="edit_cut"/ gt; & lt; action name="edit_copy"/ gt; & lt; action name="edit_paste"/ gt; & lt; separator/ gt; & lt; action name="edit_find"/ gt; & lt; /menugt; & lt; menu name="Insert"gt; lt; textgt; Insertlt; /textgt; & lt; action name="insert_picture"/ gt; & lt; action name="insert_clipart"/ gt; & lt; menu name="Variable"gt; lt; textgt; Variablelt; /textgt; & lt; action name="insert_var_datefix"/ gt; & lt; action name="insert_var_datevar"/ gt; & lt; /menugt; & lt; /menugt; & lt; /menubargt; & lt; toolbarsgt; & lt; toolbar name="edit_toolbar "position="right"gt; & lt; action name="edit_cut"/ gt; & lt; action name="edit_copy"/ gt; & lt; action name="edit_paste"/ gt; & lt; /toolbargt; & lt; /toolbarsgt; & lt; /qconfiggt;
If a mark is in this checkbox, & kde; will open a message box and inform the user of the notification. The text of the box can not be changed from this dialog. If you place a mark in the checkbox labeled Use a passive window that does not interrupt other work, & kde; will open the message box, but it will not change desktops and the message box will not appear until the user returns to the program sending the notification. If that box is left empty, the user must respond to the message box even if it means they have to stop working on another program.
HP-GL Print Options All options on this page are only applicable if you use KDEPrint to send HP-GL and HP-GL/ 2 files to one of your printers. HP-GL and HP-GL/ 2 are page description languages developed by Hewlett-Packard to drive Pen Plotting devices. KDEPrint can (with the help of CUPS) convert the HP-GL file format and print it on any installed printer. Note 1: To print HP-GL files, start'kprinter 'and simply load the file into the running kprinter. Note 2: The'fitplot' parameter provided on this dialog also works for printing PDF files (if your CUPS version is more recent than 1.1.22.) Additional hint for power users: These KDEPrint GUI elements correspond to the CUPS command line job option parameters: -o blackplot=... # examples: "true" or "false" -o fitplot=... # examples: "true" or "false" -o penwidth=... # examples: "true" or "false"
Enter a nickname that indicates you are away. Whenever you perform an / away msg command in any channel joined with this Identity, Konversation will automatically change your nickname to the Away nickname. Other users will be able to tell you are away from your computer. Whenever you perform an / away command in any channel in which you are away, Konversation will automatically change your nickname back to the original. If you do not wish to automatically change your nickname when going away, leave blank.
You have to kill all three Musketeers, so that they fill the false bricks under the gap in the bars at the top. Ignore d'Artagnan at the bottom right. You only walk over him to get a nugget. Collect the gold left to right across the bottom of the play area, then right to left across the top. Be sure to leave the nugget left of centre on the concrete. Collect that one last. Before you do so, dig away a row of three bricks above and to the left of it, then exit to the next level along roughly the same route as you used earlier.
& akregator; is a lightweight and fast program for displaying news items provided by feeds, supporting all commonly-used versions of RSS and Atom feeds. Its interface is similar to those of e-mail programs, thus hopefully being very familiar to the user. Useful features include searching within article titles, management of feeds in folders and setting archiving preferences. Feeds can be displayed in a similar manner to e-mails. Websites related to a feed can be shown in & akregator; 's embedded browser or, at the users' choice, opened in an external browser.
This page handles the way & krusader; works with archives. In the General section you will see a list of archive formats. Some are checked and some are grayed-out. The ones that are available (not grayed-out) are supported by & krusader;. If you check them, & krusader; will handle the archives transparently and let you open them as folders; otherwise, & krusader; will attempt to invoke an application which opens archives of that type. If a certain archive is grayed-out, it means that & krusader; could not find the appropriate executables in the configured path. The next archives are supported: ace, arj, bzip2, deb, gzip, iso, lha, rar, rpm, tar, zip and 7-zip.
An example is filtering messages from a mailing list and detecting spam messages. For the spam detection you will usually use an external tool via a pipe through action. Filtering the messages for the mailing list is done via the List-Id header. If you do not want to check the messages from the mailing list for spam too, it is better to use the filter for the mailing list messages before the filter for the spam detection. This way you avoid the expensive and slow spam check for all messages which were identified as mailing list messages.
If you just want to search for a given text, then regular expression is definitely not a good choice. The reason for this is that regular expressions assign special meaning to some characters. This includes the following characters:. *_BAR_$. Thus if you want to search for the text kde. (i. e. the characters kde followed by a period), then you would need to specify this as kde\\. The regular expression editor solves this problem by taking care of escape rules for you. Writing\\. rather than just. is called escaping.
Is that all the core concepts in & kommander;? No, but it should help you to make sense of how it works so that what is covered does not look like a foreign language to you. There are a few more. Signals and slots are how & kommander; handles events. An event in a program basically means something happened like a widget was created or had its text changed. These changes emit signals and you can connect those signals to a receiving slot which will then do something when the event happens. One use of this in & kommander; is the sibling of & kommander; Text, Population Text. Population Text will populate a widget when called. Just like & kommander; Text, Population Text can contain text strings or scripts.
& krusader; is a "twin-panel" file manager so there are two panels: the "Left" panel and the "Right" panel, or a more important logical distinction, the *Active* panel and the *Inactive* panel. The active panel is the one that will accept your mouse and keyboard input. If you choose a command from the Menu-Bar or Toolbar the command will act upon the selected files/ directories in the active panel. You can switch between panels using the & Tab; key or by clicking on the Information or Totals labels, or by selecting any file in a panel with the mouse. As always, default startup settings can be modified with the Konfigurator Startup page, and you control the current session with the Settings menu.
Cryptography lets you use an OpenPGP implementation to encrypt and sign messages in conversations. Note that this is not the same as an SSL secured chat session. Cryptography can encrypt your messages to a single individual so that only the holder of the matching key can read it. If you wish that the recipient of your messages can verify that you have sent your messages, you may sign messages. Signing and encryption can be used separately or together. When you recieve a message, if it has been encrypted, you will see a lock icon. If it has been signed with a verifiable signature (you have the public key of the sender), you will see a pen icon. For a non-verifiable signature, a red pen icon will be shown.
The script to execute to invoke the tool. The script is passed to / bin/ sh for execution. The following macros will be expanded: %URL - the URL of the current document. %URLs - a list of the URLs of all open documents. %directory - the URL of the directory containing the current document. %filename - the filename of the current document. %line - the current line of the text cursor in the current view. %column - the column of the text cursor in the current view. %selection - the selected text in the current view. %text - the text of the current document.
We've been receiving a lot of emails and bug reports (December 2005) regarding random crashes, especially during file operations such as copy, move, & etc; These crashes are related to & Qt; 3.3.5 and NOT & krusader;. It seems that & Qt; 3.3.5 introduced a serious bug which is currently (December 2005) causing random crashes in many & kde; applications including & konqueror;. You can use Google to find out more. As far as we know, Debian -Sid and & SuSE; already posted new & Qt; binaries that fix the problem, and Gentoo has masked & Qt; 3.3.5 completely. As for now, you either need & Qt; 3.3.4 or a fixed & Qt; 3.3.5 or a higher version, depending on your distribution. More information is available on our website.
Unlock the desktop and you'll be able to add and remove & plasmoids; from panel or desktop. You add & plasmoids; by simply dragging them where you want them. Right click on an applet to remove it. The Add Applets dialog also allows you to mark certain applets as Favorite so you can find them back more easily. Favorite Widgets Favorite Widgets The Install new widgets button allows you to add widgets you've previously downloaded. Currently it supports native & plasmagik; packages and & Mac; OSX dashboard widgets. Widgets you install this way can then be accessed just like regular, preinstalled widgets.
The FileChooser widget combines a LineEdit with a button when clicked will present the user with dialog for the selection of files/ folders. The file/ folder selected is stored in the LineEdit. The type of the FileChooser is set with the selectionType property. Available types are Open, Save, and Directory. Multiple files/ folders can be selected if the selectionOpenMutliple property is set to true. A caption for the FileChooser can be set with the selectionCaption property. This is display as the window title of the dialog. If a caption is n't specified, the type of selection will be display in the title. The files displayed in the dialog can be limited using the selectionFilter property.
A new (empty) & kformula; document looks like a small blue square. This square stands for the central idea of & kformula;. It represents an empty list. The idea of & kformula; is to have different elements arranged in lists. An element in this respect might be a single char or a root symbol or something like that. The lists are put together so that they form a formula. That is there are lists for indexes, lower and upper bounds and so on. And of course there is the main list, which we've already seen.
For example, a wavelength of lambda = 10 meter lies in the radio region of the electromagnetic spectrum and has a frequency of f = c / lambda = 3 * 10^8 m/ s / 10 = 30 MHz where c is the speed of light. The energy of this photon is E = h * v = 6.625 * 10^-34 J s * 30 Mhz = 1.988 * 10^-26 joules. On the other hand, visible light has much shorter wavelengths and higher frequencies. A photon that has a wavelength of lambda = 5 * 10^-9 meters (A greenish photon) has an energy E = 3.975 * 10^-17 joules which is over a billion times higher than the energy of a radio photon. Similarly, a photon of red light (wavelength lambda = 700 nm) has less energy than a photon of violet light (wavelength lambda = 400 nm).
Because the Earth is in orbit around the Sun, we observe the sky from a constantly moving position in space. Therefore, we should expect to see an annual parallax effect, in which the positions of nearby objects appear to wobble back and forth in response to our motion around the Sun. This does in fact happen, but the distances to even the nearest stars are so great that you need to make careful observations with a telescope to detect it The ancient Greek astronomers knew about parallax; because they could not observe an annual parallax in the positions of stars, they concluded that the Earth could not be in motion around the Sun. What they did not realize was that the stars are millions of times further away than the Sun, so the parallax effect is impossible to see with the unaided eye..
The environment variables KDEDIR and KDEDIRS tell & kde; where its files are stored. You will usually only need to set KDEDIR to the directory in which & kde; is installed, but sometimes you might have other & kde; programs installed elsewhere: in this case, you can use the KDEDIRS environment variable. Set KDEDIRS to a list of all the directories containing & kde; programs, separated by commas. For example, if you have & kde; programs in both / usr/ local/ kde and / home/ phil/ kde, you can use export KDEDIR=/ usr/ local/ kde, / home/ phil/ kde if you use bash or setenv KDEDIR=/ usr/ local/ kde, / home/ phil/ kde if you use sh.
\\DeclareGraphicsRule{. pz}{eps}{. bb}{}% \\DeclareGraphicsRule{. eps. Z}{eps}{. eps. bb}{}% \\DeclareGraphicsRule{. ps. Z}{eps}{. ps. bb}{}% \\DeclareGraphicsRule{. ps. gz}{eps}{. ps. bb}{}%% changed or new graphic rules \\DeclareGraphicsRule{. eps. zip}{eps}{. eps. bb}{`unzip -p #1}% zipped EPS \\DeclareGraphicsRule{. eps. gz}{eps}{. eps. bb}{`gunzip -c #1}% gzipped EPS \\DeclareGraphicsRule{. jpg}{eps}{}{`convert #1 eps: -}% JPEG \\DeclareGraphicsRule{. gif}{eps}{. bb}{`convert #1 eps: -}% GIF \\DeclareGraphicsRule{. png}{eps}{. bb}{`convert #1 eps: -}% PNG \\DeclareGraphicsRule{. tif}{eps}{. bb}{`convert #1 eps: -}% TIFF \\DeclareGraphicsRule{. pdf}{eps}{. bb}{`convert #1 eps: -}% PDF-graphics
The top bar will hide itself automatically; to show it simply move the mouse to the top of the screen. If the mouse cursor is over the top bar, it will not autohide. Most of the buttons on the bar are the same as the ones on the toolbar in Browse or View Modes, except for the Exit Full Screen Mode button which returns you to the & kappname; window, the Start/ Stop Slideshow button, and the Configure Full Screen Mode button which shows a small settings dialog that allows you to easily and quickly configure the slideshow. The slideshow controls there are:
Yes! An exciting new feature in & kde; 3.4 and greater is support for the new X composite extension. This allows for effects such as translucency and drop shadows for all windows, easily configurable through & kwin; 's configuration dialog. This requires you to be using X. org version 6.8.0 or newer and have: Section "Extensions" Option "Composite" "Enable" EndSection In your xorg. conf. If you have an nvidia graphics card and use the nvidia driver you can improve the performance of these effects by also adding the RenderAccel option to the Device section for your graphics card: Section "Device" Identifier "nvidia-fx5200" Driver "nvidia" Option "RenderAccel" "true" Once you have configured X. org correctly, transparency and other effects can be enabled through the Desktop Window Behavior & kcontrolcenter; module, under the Translucency tab.
& kde; allows you to save the different changes you made to your desktop's appearance in one file, using the Theme Manager in & kcontrolcenter;. Once you have set up your desktop the way you want, click on Create New Theme.... Enter the details you want to give your theme, such as theme name, author, version, & etc;, then click OK when done. This will add your theme to the list of available themes and save your settings in a & kde; theme. A & kde; theme (. kth file) instructs & kde; on what window decoration, style, or color scheme to use for that particular theme. To add a & kde; theme from an outside source, click on Install New Theme... and locate the & kde; theme file. Removing a theme is easily done by clicking on Remove Theme. If you made changes to your theme, you have to either create a new theme name for it, or remove the previous version first to be able to use the same theme name.
The second case is calling an executable. Any program that runs on your system is an executable. Even a script program is run by the script's interpreter so technically it's executed too. & kommander; can run commands just like the console even if you run it from the menu. So for instance if you wanted it to open & GIMP; you would have a button derive the string gimp and put it in a special like so: @exec(gimp). Just like that you will see & GIMP; open when using this. You could also exec ls -l too but you would only see the output if you were running from a console.
Now you know how & PostScript; -Printers can use & PPD; s. But what about non-PostScript; printers? & CUPS; has done a very good trick: by using the same format and data structure as the & PostScript; Printer Descriptions (PPD; s) in the & PostScript; world, it can describe the available print job options for non-PostScript; printers just the same. For its own special purposes & CUPS; just added a few special options (namely the line which defines the filter to be used for further processing of the & PostScript; file).
Check this to use a prefix for your previews. This allows you to set the path prefix to something other than your local file system. This is most useful for pages that contain dynamic content and are dependent on server processing (like & PHP;, JSS, Python, & etc;). Simply type in the first portion of the address as it exists on that server and the filepath at the end will be complete by & quantaplus;. For example, if you have the domain bar. com and you are editing the index. html page, you could edit it on your remote machine (foo. bar. com), upload it to the server and press F6 to see the results from www. bar. com instead of your local file system.
The latitudinal (latitude-like) angle of the Equatorial system is called Declination (Dec for short). It measures the angle of an object above or below the Celestial Equator. The longitudinal angle is called the Right Ascension (RA for short). It measures the angle of an object East of the Vernal Equinox. Unlike longitude, Right Ascension is usually measured in hours instead of degrees, because the apparent rotation of the Equatorial coordinate system is closely related to Sidereal Time and Hour Angle. Since a full rotation of the sky takes 24 hours to complete, there are (360 degrees / 24 hours) = 15 degrees in one Hour of Right Ascension.
This is a tougher question. The usual answer is that stars get their heat from the thermonuclear fusion reactions in their cores. However, this cannot be the ultimate cause for the stars' heat, because a star must be hot in the first place for nuclear fusion to be triggered. Fusion can only sustain the hot temperature; it cannot make a star hot. A more correct answer is that stars are hot because they have collapsed. Stars form from diffuse gaseous nebulae; as the nebulous gas condenses to form a star, the gravitational potential energy of the material is released, first as kinetic energy, and ultimately as heat as the density increases.
This is where you can browse your entire file system. You are presented with two top-level roots of the file system. The first is your home folder and the second is the filesystem root folder - /. Use these to find existing files on your machine that you would like to edit or add to an active project. Right mouse button clicking on a file in this view gives you several options for managing the selected file and, also, allows you to insert the file into an active project, if any, or toggle the view between tree and list.
Search in and Do n't search in: Using those two parts, you can specify a search exactly the way you want it. For example, you might want to search for a file in the whole file system (beginning with /), but do not want to search inside / mnt. All you need to do is write / in the search in box, and write / mnt in the dont search in box. If you want to enter more than one directory in one of the boxes, just type the first name and press & Enter;. The directory name will be copied to the bigger box and you will be able to enter another name.
If your desktop is unlocked (you can do that by right clicking on the desktop, or when no application has the focus, with Ctrl; L), a small & plasma; logo will appear in the bottom right corner (it's commonly named the & quot; cashewquot;). Click on this cashew, and the panel controller opens. The panel controller allows you to reposition, resize and realign the panel. The & plasmoids; living in this panel will adjust their size automatically. & plasmoids; have basic knowledge about sizing, provided by the containment. They are programmed to take advantage of that size, and inform the applet about how much space they possibly need. In the end, the containment gives a possible size to the applets, the applets obey.
This displays 2D projections of the sequence of 3D objects which are the projections of the 4D analog to the cube: as a square is composed of four lines, each touching two others; and a cube is composed of six squares, each touching four others; a hypercube is composed of eight cubes, each touching six others. To make it easier to visualize the rotation, it uses a different color for the edges of each face. Do n't think about it too long, or your brain will melt. See also "polytopes" for a more general version of this using OpenGL. http: / /en. wikipedia. org/ wiki/ Hypercube http: / /en. wikipedia. org/ wiki/ Regular_polytope Written by Joe Keane, Fritz Mueller, and Jamie Zawinski; 1992.
Trap the first enemy immediately. Go up and right and hang on the ladder to the right of a short bar. As the enemy arrives, climb up quickly. As he reaches you again, go left, drop and go up the left hand ladder to the top. The enemy should head right, over the concrete, and fall. Now go down to the bottom left corner. The enemy should drop into a false brick next to the gold. Collect all gold at the top, then dig and drop to the next enemy. Stand on him, dig left and move right. The enemy will drop into the pit. Move to the right and collect more gold as you fall. Climb to the top, drop onto the trapped enemy via a false brick under a bar and collect five more nuggets. Now dig and go down the short ladder at the right of the bricks, to kill the enemy in the pit (who has more gold). He should reappear above you and fall through a false brick back into the pit. Dig three bricks between the two enemies and go down the short ladder until the enemies bunch up. Dig two more bricks to release them. Go up the ladder, over the concrete and, just before the enemies get up to the concrete, drop down to the floor and run to the bottom of the short ladder. The enemies should come down and run into the double pit on the right. Quickly run out to the right, over the enemies. Drop onto the last piece of gold, over on the right and the hidden ladders appear. Phew! P. S. Another way to trap the left hand enemy in the false brick is to get him to follow you up the leftmost ladder while you run across the top and dig to drop onto the second enemy. Timing is VERY tight. You must dig and drop before the enemy climbs over the top left and runs right. Later, climb the right hand ladders to the top, wait on the left hand bar over a false brick till the leftmost enemy starts to run towards you, then drop. Wait again till he starts to drop, then dig two bricks at the right of a short ladder, go right and drop, then run left to the bottom of a short ladder. The enemy should drop through a false brick and a ladder into the false brick beneath. P. P. S. There is no room for error or hesitation in this method! Not much in the first method either!
If your system uses Pluggable Authentication Modules (PAM), which is normal with recent & Linux; and & Solaris; systems, you should check that your PAM configuration permits login through the service named kde. If you previously used & xdm; successfully, you should not need to make any changes to your PAM configuration in order to use & kdm;. / etc/ pam. conf or / etc/ pam. d/ kde. Information on configuring PAM is beyond the scope of this handbook, but PAM comes with comprehensive documentation (try looking in / usr/ share/ doc/ *pam*/ html/).
You can modify the search and replace behavior by selecting different options on the right side of the bar. The Highlight all option highlights all matches in the document. Selecting Match case will limit finds to entries that match the case (upper or lower) of each of the characters in the search pattern. The From cursor option begins the search from the current position of the cursor within the document rather than from the beginning. Selection only will search and replace within the current selection only.
As mentioned already & marble; always displays a dynamic scale bar on the lower left to estimate distances on the map. Together with the windrose in the top right corner these overlays are provided for better orientation. But there's more: & marble; allows you to measure distances between two or more points on earth. To do so click the respective points in correct order on the globe using the & RMB;. On each click a popup menu will appear which allows you to add a measure point (Add Measure Point) or to remove all measure points altogether (Remove Measure Points):
List of Driver Options (from PPD). The upper pane of this dialog page contains all print job options as laid down in the printer's description file (PostScript Printer Description == 'PPD '.) Click on any item in the list and watch the lower pane of this dialog page display the available values. Set the values as needed, then use one of the push buttons below to proceed: 'Save' your settings if you want to re-use them in your next job(s) too. 'Save 'will store your settings permanently until you change them again.. Click'OK' (without a prior click on'Save '), if you want to use your selected settings just once, for the next print job. 'OK' will forget your current settings when kprinter is closed again, and will start next time with the previously saved defaults. 'Cancel 'will not change anything. If you proceed to print after clicking'Cancel', the job will print with the default settings of this queue. Note. The number of available job options depends strongly on the actual driver used for your print queue. 'Raw 'queues do not have a driver or a PPD. For raw queues this tab page is not loaded by KDEPrint, and thus is not present in the kprinter dialog.
Here you can choose to Simple Search directly or to use some keywords to specify some attributes, such as the artist name and so on. The keywords selectable are divided by their specific value. Some keywords are numeric and others are alphanumeric. You do not need to know it directly. When a keyword is numeric it will be used to search the numeric data for each track. The alphanumeric keywords are the following: album, artist, filename (including path), mountpoint (e. g. / home/ user1), filetype (you can specify mp3, ogg, flac,... and the file extensions will be matched), genre, comment, composer, directory, lyrics, title, and label. The numeric keywords are: bitrate, disc/ discnumber, length (expressed in seconds), playcount, rating, samplerate, score, size/ filesize (expressed in bytes, kbytes, and megabytes as specified in the unit for the filesize keyword), track (i. e. the track number), and year.
The method for saving an image is somewhat different in & kooka; than in many other applications. Click the Gallery tab to open a small file browser. This is the folder ~/. kde/ share/ apps/ ScanImages/ In the lower portion of the window, your current subfolder in the gallery is shown. This is where all scanned images are first saved as files. When starting & kooka; for the first time, you will only see the ScanImages. Create subfolders by right clicking this folder. The selected folder, highlighted in blue, is the first save location of the scanned images. The scans are labeled in ascending numerical order as in kscan_0001 and kscan_0002.
Probably not a traditional Egyptian design. You have to zig-zag back and forth along the poles to get all the treasure. To get past the lone chaser mummy, wait for him on one pole and just before he reaches you, drop to the pole below and move directly under him. Since the design is non-traditional, considering playing the level non-traditionally: the drop-and-move-under move is easier to do with the keyboard (easier, but still hard). Once you get the last piece of treasure above the bricks inside the pyramid, pause the game and switch back to mouse mode.
When the game starts, the starting player should play any of the face up cards from own stack. If the second player currently has face up cards that are of the same suit as the card played, he/ she has to reply with one of those cards. If, however, the second player does not have a card of the same suit, he/ she can play with any other card. The player with the higher card value wins both cards. Note If the replying player plays'trump 'card he/ she wins both cards. Note If the leading player plays'trump' card he/ she wins both cards. The player who wins the round leads the next one.
Mission completed! Now, what happened? Well, we looked for some white space (\\s+) followed by one or more alphabetic characters (\\w+) followed by some more whitespace (\\s+) followed by an ampersand, and in the process saved the alphabetic chunk and the ampersand for reuse in the replace operation. Then we replaced the matching part of our line with one whitespace followed by const followed by one whitespace followed by our saved alphabetical chunk (\\1) followed by one whitespace followed by our saved ampersand (\\2)
The time value you enter here is used if you have established a connection to the news server and if, for whatever reason, no data is received from or transmitted to the news server: after the specified time has elapsed & knode; will automatically disconnect. This, amongst other things, relieves the server of unnecessary connections which would otherwise reduce its availability for other subscribers; it also makes sure that an automatically-established Internet connection is not held unnecessarily even if no data is being sent or received.
To make a basic Web Shortcut here however, all that is required is the & URI; that is used to do a search on the search engine. Following our previous example with Google, we would enter http: / /www. google. com/ search? q=\\{@}amp; ie=UTF-8amp; oe=UTF-8. You can often easily find where to place the \\{@} by doing a search on the search engine in question, and then analysing the & URL; address. For example, doing a Google search for & konqueror; produces the & URL;: http: / /www. google. com/ search? q=konqueroramp; ie=UTF-8amp; oe=UTF-8. Now you need to merely replace & konqueror; with \\{@} in this example to find the appropriate & URI; to be entered.
In & juk; 2.3, the procedure is exactly the same, with one exception: You should select all of the tracks you want to apply the cover to first. So you would select all the Alabama - Greatest Hits III tracks before using the Get Cover From Internet command. Or if you only wanted to set cover art to half of the tracks for some reason, you'd only select half the tracks before running the Get Cover From Internet command. Do n't worry about duplicating covers, either: & juk; is smart enough to re-use the same image, so you wo n't get 14 duplicate. png images cluttering your hard drive.
You may have a very nice recurrence rule set up, but realize that there are a few exceptions. If you set up your college class schedule for instance, you may want to make exceptions for holidays and the like. In this area, you can add, change, and delete dates from the list of exceptions (ie; times when even if the recurrence rule matches, the event will not be scheduled). Pick a date with the date selector, and press Add to include it. For removing dates, highlight them in the box on the right side, and then click Delete.
The player is presented with a game field containing a number of bricks. A ball travels across the screen, bouncing off the top and side walls. When a brick is hit, the ball bounces away and the brick is destroyed. The player loses a life when the ball touches the bottom of the field. To prevent this from happening, the player has to use a movable bar to bounce the ball upward, situated at the bottom of the window. The purpose of the game is to progress through the levels destroying all bricks present in each, and trying to get a highscore.
Each medium has an official maximum capacity which is stored in a read-only area of the medium and is guaranteed by the vendor. However, this official maximum is not always the actual maximum. Many media have an actual total capacity that is slightly larger than the official amount. If this option is checked K3b will disable a safety check that prevents burning beyond the official capacity. Caution: Enabling this option can cause failures in the end of the burning process if K3b attempts to write beyond the official capacity. It makes sense to first determine the actual maximum capacity of the media brand with a simulated burn.
When you select a newsgroup with your mouse a list of articles of this group appears in the upper-right window; if there are no articles in the upper-right window there are two possibilities & mdash; either there are no articles for this newsgroup on the newsserver or the newsserver did not fetch them yet. Select Account Get new articles in all groups: if there are still no articles appearing you either have some problems with your settings or there really are no articles for this group. Try another group: if there are no articles for this group you will probably have to work through the first chapters, about the configuration of & knode;, again; the Frequently Asked Questions chapter may help you, too.
Fields with derived values are a special case. The field type corresponds to the typical type of value contained in the field, but the value of the field is constructed from other fields using a format string in the field description. For example, if the field has a value template of %{title} %{year}, then the value of that field will be the title, followed by the year. This field type is used primarily for the title field in the coin, stamp, trading card, and wine collections. Either the internal field name or the field title may be used in the description for formatting.
Also, a spreadsheet lets you play the What if? game. Because each formula is automatically recalculated whenever any of the values it refers to are changed, you can quickly see what happens if you alter any of them. Using our example you can see the effect of reducing the amount spent on food in December by just entering a new value into cell C2. If you had a spreadsheet that modelled the greenhouse effect accurately you could perhaps see the effect of a 50 percent reduction in the amount of methane released into the atmosphere.
The controls in the section Switches consist of a LED and a short label describing the function. The Switches section can also contain Multiple-Choice selectors. Please note that these controls are often very special and usually do n't need to be changed by the average user. The context menu contains the Channels and Show/ Hide Menubar entries already described. Switches and Multiple-Choice selectors (Switches Section) Switches and Multiple-Choice selectors (Switches Section) Please remember, red LED's are recording related, yellow LED's control special soundcard capabilities. The screenshot above shows from left to right an unlit IEC958 Output LED (yellow = special control), a lit Mix LED (red = Recording related), an unlit recording related LED, a lit special control and one multiple-choice selector (PCM Out Path & Mute). If you are uncertain about the meaning of a control, please ask your soundcard driver supplier (for most current & Linux; distributions this is ALSA).
Filtering Chain (if enabled, is run before actual job submission to print system.) This field shows which filters are currently selected to act as'pre-filters' for KDEPrint. Pre-filters process the print files before they are sent down-stream to your real print subsystem. The list shown in this field may be empty (default). The pre-filters act on the print job in the order they are listed (from top to bottom). This is done by acting as a filtering chain where the output of one filter acts as input to the next. By putting the filters into the wrong order, you can make the filtering chain fail. For example: if your file is ASCII text, and you want the output being processed by the'Multipage per Sheet 'filter, the first filter must be one that converts ASCII into PostScript. KDEPrint can utilize any external filtering program which you may find useful through this interface. KDEPrint ships preconfigured with support for a selection of common filters. These filters however need to be installed independently from KDEPrint. These pre-filters work for all print subsystems supported by KDEPrint (such as CUPS, LPRng and LPD), because they are not dependent upon them.. Amongst the pre-configured filters shipping with KDEPrint are: the Enscript text filter; a Multiple Pages per Sheet filter; a PostScript to PDF converter; a Page Selection/ Ordering filter; a Poster Printing filter; and some more.... To insert a filter into this list, simply click on the funnel icon (top-most on the right icon column group) and proceed. Please click on the other elements of this dialog to learn more about the KDEPrint pre-filters.
The new printing functionality of & kde; since version 2.2 consists of several modules that translate the features and settings of different available print subsystems (CUPS;, BSD-style LPR/ LPD, RLPR...) into nice & kde; desktop & GUI; windows and dialogs to ease their usage. Most important for day-to-day usage is "kprinter", the new & GUI; print command. -- Note: KDEPrint does not implement its own spooling mechanism or its own & PostScript; processing; for this it relies on the selected print subsystem -- however it does add some functionality of its own on top of this foundation...
The main window of & kturtle; has three main parts: the editor (1) on the left where you type the & turtlescript; commands, the the canvas (2) on the right where the turtle make your drawing, and the inspector (3) which gives you information when your program executes. Besides these you find the menu bar (5) from where all the actions can be reached, the toolbar (4) that allows you to quickly select the most used actions, the Console, that you can use to enter a one line command to test it, and the statusbar (along the bottom of the window) where you will find feedback on the state of & kturtle;.
Special thanks are due to Mauricio Piacentini and Dmitry Suzdalev, who converted & kgoldrunner; to & Qt; 4 and & kde; 4, and to the many graphics artists who contributed to the new SVG graphics and themes in the & kde; 4 version: especially Mauricio Piacentini for the Default theme and the new runners, Johann Ollivier Lapeyre for the ladders and bars, Eugene Trounev for the Geek City and Treasure of Egypt themes and, last but not least, Luciano Montanaro for the two Nostalgia themes, the Black on White accessibility theme, improvements to the runners, multiple backgrounds and several other ideas.
Window Manager Decoration This module allows you to choose the window border decorations, as well as titlebar button positions and custom decoration options. To choose a theme for your window decoration click on its name and apply your choice by clicking the "Apply" button below. If you do not want to apply your choice you can click the "Reset" button to discard your changes. You can configure each theme. There are different options specific for each theme. On the "Buttons" tab check the "Use custom titlebar button positions" box and you can change the positions of the buttons to your liking.
An advanced and comprehensive music player with the capability to play MP3, WAV, and OGG audio filetypes and others. There is not room here to mention all of & amarok; 's features, but by default, & amarok; can automatically fetch cover art, embed song lyrics, and display aesthetically pleasing visualizations. & amarok; remains, as much of & kde; does, highly customizable; it contains a powerful scripting interface, and the context browser can be stylised easily using & CSS;. & amarok; also supports several backends, including GStreamer, xine, NMM, MAS, aKode and & arts;.
The author of the downloadable NGC/ IC catalog has released it with the restriction that it may not be used commercially. For most & kstars; users, this is not a problem. However, it is technically against the & kstars; license (the GPL) to restrict usage in this way. We removed the Messier object images from the standard distribution for two reasons: to simply reduce the size of & kstars;, and also because of similar licensing concerns with a couple of the images. The inline images are significantly compressed to a very low quality from their original form, so I doubt there is a real copyright concern, but I did obtain explicit permission from the images' authors to use the few images for which there was any question about it (see README. images). Still, just to be absolutely safe, I removed them from the standard distribution, and marked the download archive as being "free for non-commercial use".
A container to organize buttons into a group. An optional title can be set using the title property. The frame can be adjusted with the lineWidth property. The button group can be set to exclusive by setting the exclusive property to true. This means when one toggle button is clicked all other toggle buttons will be set to off with the exception of radio buttons that are always mutual exclusive even if the group is non-exclusive. Radio buttons can be set to non-exclusive using the radioButtonExclusive property. (I am not so sure that this property actually works.)
The File List has the following columns: "Left name _BAR_ Left size _BAR_ Left time _BAR_ Task _BAR_ Right time _BAR_ Right size _BAR_ Right name". Here you can check the compare results and modify the synchronisation actions if desired. The text color defines the default copy direction determined by the comparator. Green: Copy from left to right. Blue: Copy from right to left or delete on the right side in asymmetric mode. Red: Files which are different by the given criteria (no copy direction). Black: Files which are identical (no copy direction). A double click on a file calls the & krusader; s Compare by content function. The Tasks (lt; =gt;) column defines the default copy direction, which can be modified by the user if needed. The results window supports dragging items to other windows (drag [left], & Shift; +drag [right]) and copy left/ right selected items to clipboard (Ctrl; C).
& latex; itself understands only ASCII, a very limited set of characters, so you could not use accented or special letters directly. To use accented letters, a special syntax was created: such as for example \\"e for . There is a package to help you with this, called inputenc, and is included in the preamble using \\usepackage[latin1]{inputenc}, where the optional argument is the encoding you would like to use (nowadays in most cases utf8x). This tells & latex; to translate all of the 's you wrote to \\"e's before compiling. Please refer to the inputenc documents directly for more information on inputenc. Last but not least: remember to make sure that your file is actually encoded in the same encoding you told inputenc!
& klettres; is a very simple application that helps a child or an adult to learn the alphabet and some simple sounds in his own language or in another language. The program picks up a letter or a syllable in random, this letter/ syllable is displayed and the sound is played. The user should then type this letter or syllable. Training is done in the levels where the letter/ syllable is not displayed, only the sound is played. The user does not need to know how to use the mouse, the keyboard only is needed.
In the Links tab, you can manage the internet links associated with this object. The Image and Information links associated with the object are listed. These are the links that appear in the popup menu when the object is right -clicked. You can add custom links to the object with the Add Link... button. This will open a window in which you fill in the URL and link text for the new link (you can also test the URL in the web browser from this window). Keep in mind that the custom link can easily point to a file on your local disk, so you can use this feature to index your personal astronomical images or observing logs.
If the icon is visible then you can hide & kmail; 's main window by clicking on the icon or by clicking on the window close button. By clicking on the icon you can make & kmail; 's main window visible again. If you click on the icon with the right mousebutton then you get a menu with a few useful commands. You can check for new mail, create a new message or quit & kmail;. Additionally, there is the entry New Messages In which lists all folders containing unread messages. If you choose one of those folders then this folder will be selected in & kmail; 's main window.
Briefly, Singmaster imagines that you are looking at the cube from slightly above and to the right of it, exactly as in the standard Front View of & kubrick;. You can see three faces at the top, front and right of the cube and these Singmaster has called (in English) Up, Front and Right, or U, F and R for short. The three faces you cannot see, which are on the Back View in & kubrick;, are at the bottom, back and left of the cube and Singmaster calls these (in English) Down, Back and Left, or D, B and L for short. Singmaster uses U and D for the top and bottom faces because B is reserved for the back face.
This option enables some convenient features for saving files with extensions: Any extension specified in the %1 text area will be updated if you change the file type to save in. If no extension is specified in the %2 text area when you click Save, %3 will be added to the end of the filename (if the filename does not already exist). This extension is based on the file type that you have chosen to save in. If you do not want KDE to supply an extension for the filename, you can either turn this option off or you can suppress it by adding a period (.) to the end of the filename (the period will be automatically removed). If unsure, keep this option enabled as it makes your files more manageable.
One very nice feature is the Quick Help available. If you click on the little question mark (What's this?) on your window title bar, you'll see the cursor changing its form. Now click on a cupsd configuration setting field to find out what it means and what your options are. In most cases you should understand the meaning immediately, otherwise turn to the excellent & CUPS; documentation. (If your & CUPS; Daemon is running, you have it online on your own host at http: / /localhost:631/ documentation. html.
Print Text with Syntax Highlighting (Prettyprint) ASCII file printouts can be'prettyfied 'by enabling this option. If you do so, a header is printed at the top of each page. The header contains the page number, job title (usually the filename), and the date. In addition, C and C++ keywords are highlighted, and comment lines are italicized. This prettyprint option is handled by CUPS. If you prefer another'plaintext-to-prettyprint' converter, look for the enscript pre-filter on the Filters tab. Additional hint for power users: This KDEPrint GUI element corresponds to the CUPS command line job option parameter: -o prettyprint=true. -o prettyprint=false
A single left-click will cause the hero to step in the indicated direction (provided such a step is permitted). For convenience, one can assign additional actions to the right and middle mouse buttons in the Configure & killbots; dialog. These actions include those found in the, as well as additional option: Repeated Step. Performing a repeated step causes the hero to move in the indicated direction for several consecutive turns until an obstruction is reached or continued movement would be unsafe. One can also halt a repeated step by clicking again while the move is in progress.
In the Solar System tab, you can specify whether the Sun, Moon, planets, comets and asteroids are displayed, and whether the major bodies are drawn as colored circles or actual images. You can also toggle whether solar system bodies have name labels attached, and control how many of the comets and asteroids get name labels. There is an option to automatically attach a temporary orbit trail whenever a solar system body is tracked, and another to toggle whether the color of the orbit trail fades into the background sky color.
These are applications that are directly associated with & kde;, the project, but do not appear and are not shipped with the main & kde; distribution. This can be down to a number of reasons, but a common case is either down to a duplication of functionality, or because they're simply too specialised. Perhaps the most popular occurence however is that the developers themselves may not want it to appear in the main & kde; distribution; choosing, rather, to handle their own release schedules. Nevertheless, the applications in Extragear are distinguished by & kde;, and many are increasingly popular.
Select the channel mode of the resulting Mp3 file: Stereo In this mode, the encoder makes no use of potential correlations between the two input channels; it can, however, negotiate the bit demand between both channel, i. e. give one channel more bits if the other contains silence or needs fewer bits because of a lower complexity. Joint-Stereo In this mode, the encoder will make use of correlations between both channels. The signal will be matrixed into a sum ("mid"), computed by L+R, and difference ("side") signal, computed by L-R, and more bits are allocated to the mid channel. This will effectively increase the bandwidth if the signal does not have too much stereo separation, thus giving a significant gain in encoding quality. Mono The input will be encoded as a mono signal. If it was a stereo signal, it will be downsampled to mono. The downmix is calculated as the sum of the left and right channel, attenuated by 6 dB.
Abbreviation for R aster I mage P rocess(or); if used in the context of printing, "RIP" means a hardware or software instance that converts & PostScript; (or other print formats that are represented in one of the non-Raster PDLs) into a raster image format in such a way that it is acceptable for the "marking engine" of the printer. & PostScript; printers contain their own PostScript-RIPs. A RIP may or may not be located inside a printer. For many & UNIX; systems, Ghostscript is the package that provides a "RIP in software", running on the host computer, and pre-digesting the & PostScript; or other data to become ready to be sent to the printing device (hence you may perceive a "grain of truth" in the slogan "Ghostscript turns your printer into a & PostScript; machine", which of course is not correct in the true sense of the meaning).
So how does this work? If a client wants to know about and select printer-specific options, it sends a request (called CUPS-get-ppd) to the server. The server tells the client all about all printer-specific options, as read from the server side & PPD;. The user on the client side can see the options and select the required ones. He then sends the print file, usually unfiltered raw & PostScript;, spiced up with the printer-options to the printer server, using & IPP; as the transport protocol. All further processing, especially the filtering to generate the final format for the target printer, is then done by the server. The server has the necessary programs (drivers or filters) to do this.
Automatic Scrolling: This is for slow & FTP; servers,... When the Synchronizer has finished comparing a file, it puts the file into the end of the list at once and scrolls the window, if necessary. It is important, if you want to know what the Synchronizer is doing. If the & FTP; server is slow, the comparison of a directory may take a lot of time. By turning this option on, you can see that the comparator is "alive", but slow. For fast file systems, it can reduce the speed of comparing slightly.
Exporting to MIDI is an excellent opportunity if you want to show the tabulature you've created in its sounding form to anyone. Also every computer now with a sound card has a MIDI synthesizer (or at least there's a couple of software MIDI synths available), so good chances are that most of the people would be able to listen to your transcribed song. However, keep in mind that MIDI does n't contain tabulature information at all, i. e. no instrument tuning information are stored, no fret numbers, nothing like that. Effects and various guitar techniques are only approximated via special controllers to sound similar to natural performance.
Vorbis' audio quality is not best measured in kilobits per second, but on a scale from -1 to 10 called "quality". For now, quality -1 is roughly equivalent to 45kbps average, 5 is roughly 160kbps, and 10 gives about 400kbps. Most people seeking very-near-CD-quality audio encode at a quality of 5 or, for lossless stereo coupling, 6. The default setting is quality 3, which at approximately 110kbps gives a smaller filesize and significantly better fidelity than. mp3 compression at 128kbps. This explanation was copied from the www. vorbis. com FAQ.
The Quick Access Panel (activate it by typing the F9 key on your keyboard or through the wrench icon on top of the dialog) provides configurable shortcuts to frequently used locations on your hard drive or even on the Internet. There are several preconfigured locations such as your home directory. Try right clicking on any item to configure it or to empty space to add a new entry. You will be shown a context menu. Here you can choose the icon size and to add, modify or rename any entry. Choose Add Entry and you will see a window containing anything you need: Type your description, enter the location (or choose it via the dialog opening by clicking on the folder symbol), choose a symbol from a vast variety in the symbol dialog opening when you click on the predefined icon (usually a simple folder symbol).
Firstly, we look for the appropriate method with kdcop. For this example, we'll short circuit the searching, and go straight to it: the method we want is kdesktop KBackgroundIface setColor. The arguments and return type of the function are shown in the style of the C++ language. For setColor, the arguments are a color, c, which specifies the new background color, and a boolean (true or false) value, isColorA, which specifies whether the color is the first or second (this is useful for setting gradients and so on).
