In general, absorbent articles should comfortably fit the body of a wearer. Most absorbent articles include an absorbent pad formed by an absorbent core contained in a wrap comprising a barrier tissue and/or a forming tissue. The subject invention discloses an absorbent article generally having extensibility in at least one direction, preferably the cross-direction. Such extensibility permits an absorbent article to extend and expand about the wearer and thus to better conform to the body of the wearer. Such extension and expansion about the wearer is feasible because both the bodyside liner and the outer cover are extensible in at least the one direction.
In conventional structures, the outer cover is typically adhesively secured to the forming tissue of the absorbent pad. In such embodiments, extending the outer cover in the cross-direction extends the forming tissue in the cross-direction. The force used to extend the outer cover, and thence the absorbent pad, can tear or otherwise damage the forming tissue or the barrier tissue of the absorbent pad. Since the absorbent pad is typically a sealed enclosure, namely an absorbent core enclosed within the combination of a forming tissue and a barrier tissue, tearing the absorbent pad, namely either the forming tissue or the barrier tissue, can release superabsorbent particles and other absorbent materials, such as cellulose fluff into contact with the body of the wearer. Superabsorbent particles can irritate the skin of the wearer. Such tearing of the absorbent pad indicates failure of the absorbent article to perform properly. Therefore, it is critical to find a way to prevent tearing or other structural failure of the absorbent pad.This application is based upon and claims the benefit of priority from the prior Japanese Patent Application No. 2000-159163, filed Mar. 31, 2000, the entire contents of which are incorporated herein by reference.
The present invention relates to a method of forming a composite member, in which a conductive portion is formed in an insulator, the composite member being used in, for example, a wiring board in the fields of electric appliances, electronic appliances and electric and electronic communication. The present invention also relates to a photosensitive composition and an insulating material that can be suitably used in the manufacturing method of the composite member. Further, the present invention relates to a composite member manufactured by the manufacturing method of the present invention and to a multi-layer wiring board and an electronic package including the particular composite member.
In recent years, increase in the degree of integration and miniaturization of various electric and electronic parts including a semiconductor device are being promoted. The particular tendency will be further promoted in the future without fail. In this connection, various measures are being proposed and tried in an attempt to apply a high density mounting to a printed circuit board including formation of a fine pattern and a fine pitch of a metal wiring and formation of a steric wiring.
Particularly, the steric wiring is indispensable to a high density mounting and, thus, various methods are being proposed in an attempt to manufacture a wiring board having a steric wiring. In general, the steric wirings are of a multi-layered structure such as a built-up wiring board prepared by laminating two dimensional printed wiring boards and a multi-layered wiring board. It is difficult to form a steric wiring having a free three dimensional shape. The built-up wiring board or the multi-layered wiring board has a structure that adjacent wiring layers are connected to each other by a conductive column called via. The via is formed by processing an insulating layer by a photolithography process using a photosensitive polyimide or resist, followed by selectively applying a plating to the via or by filling the via with a conductive paste. For forming a via by such a method, it is necessary to repeat a plurality of times the steps of resist coating, light exposure and etching, making the via formation highly laborious. In addition, it is difficult to improve the yield.
It is also possible to form the via by forming a through-hole (via hole) of a predetermined size in an insulating substrate constituting a printed wiring board by using a drill or a CO2 laser, followed by applying plating to the via hole or by filling the via hole with a conductive paste. In these methods, however, it is difficult to form freely a fine via having a size of scores of microns or less at a desired position.
In the method disclosed in Japanese Patent Disclosure No. 7-207450, a compound having a hydrophilic group is introduced into pores of three dimensional porous film such as a PTFE film. Under this condition, the film is subjected to a light exposure in a predetermined pattern by using a low pressure mercury lamp (wave lengths of 185 nm and 254 nm), thereby forming the hydrophilic group on the three dimensional porous film. Further, a metal plating is applied to the three dimensional porous film.
In the conventional method described above, however, the material forming the three dimensional porous film is deteriorated because a light beam having a short wavelength is used for the light exposure. Also, the light for the light exposure is absorbed by the three dimensional porous film and, thus, fails to reach the inner region of the porous body, resulting in failure to form fine vias.
Further, in the conventional method described above, the PTFE forming the three dimensional porous film reacts with the light for the light exposure so as to selectively form hydrophilic groups. However, PTFE is defective in that the molding workability is low and that PTFE is costly.
Another method of forming a via is disclosed in Japanese Patent Disclosure No. 11-24977. In this method, the entire surface of a porous insulating member is impregnated with a photosensitive composition containing, for example, a photosensitive reducing agent and a metal salt. Then, a light exposure is applied in a predetermined pattern to the impregnated insulating member so as to reduce the cation of the metal salt in the light exposed portion to a metal nucleus, followed by removing by washing the photosensitive composition in the non-light exposed portion. Further, an electroless plating or a soldering is applied to the residual metal nuclei so as to form vias of a predetermined pattern.
In the method described above, however, the entire surface of the porous insulating member is impregnated with a photosensitive composition containing a metal salt as described above, making it difficult to remove completely the metal salt adsorbed on the portion corresponding to the non-exposed portion after the light exposure step. As a result, a difficulty is brought about that the metal nuclei are precipitated on undesired portions in the subsequent reducing step. Such an abnormal deposition of the metal nuclei gives rise to a problem in terms of the insulating properties between adjacent vias and between adjacent wiring layers with progress in the fine pulverization of the pattern.
Also, in the via formed in the insulating substrate by the conventional method of manufacturing a wiring board, the insulating body and the conductive portion are brought into a direct contact. In this case, since the adhesion between the insulating body and the conductive portion is poor, a problem is generated that the conductive portion is peeled off the insulating substrate during the use.
Further, where a multi-layered wiring board is prepared by laminating a plurality of wiring boards manufactured by the conventional method of manufacturing a wiring board, it is required to further improve the electrical connection between the wiring layers of the wiring boards and the conductivity of the wiring.
An object of the present invention is to provide a method of manufacturing a composite member, which has a high degree of freedom in the design of a conductive circuit, in which deterioration of the insulating body is not brought about by the light exposure, and which is free from an abnormal deposition of a metal on the insulating body so as to form a conductive portion having a fine pattern.
Another object of the present invention is to provide a method of manufacturing a composite member, which has a high degree of freedom in the design of a conductive circuit, which permits manufacturing a composite member at a low manufacturing cost without giving adverse effects to the selectivity of the material of the insulating portion and to the molding workability, and which is free from an abnormal deposition of a metal on the insulating body so as to form a conductive portion having a fine pattern.
Another object of the present invention is to provide a photosensitive composition and an insulating material used for the manufacturing method of a composite member described above.
Another object of the present invention is to provide a composite member manufactured by the method described above.
Another object of the present invention is to provide a multi-layered wiring board comprising a composite member manufactured by the method described above.
Still another object of the present invention is to provide an electronic package using a composite member or a multi-layered wiring board manufactured by the method described above.
According to a first aspect of the present invention, there is provided a method of manufacturing a composite member in which a conductive portion is selectively formed in an insulating body, comprising:
(1) forming a photosensitive composition layer within or on the surface of said insulating body, said photosensitive composition containing a compound forming an ion-exchange group upon irradiation with light having a wavelength not shorter than 280 nm;
(2) exposing selectively the photosensitive composition layer to light having a wavelength not shorter than 280 nm so as to form ion-exchange groups in the light exposed portion; and
(3) forming the conductive portion by bonding a metal ion or metal to the ion-exchange group formed in the light exposed portion by the exposing.
According to a second aspect of the present invention, there is provided a method of manufacturing a composite member in which a conductive portion is selectively formed in an insulating body, comprising:
(1) forming a photosensitive composition layer within or on the surface of said insulating body, said photosensitive composition containing a compound having an ion-exchange group;
(2) exposing selectively the photosensitive composition layer to light having a wavelength not shorter than 280 nm so as to cause ion-exchange groups in the light exposed portion to disappear and to cause the ion-exchange groups to remain in the unexposed portion; and
(3) forming the conductive portion by bonding a metal ion or metal to be bonded to the ion-exchange group remaining in the unexposed portion after the exposing.
According to a third aspect of the present invention, there is provided a method of manufacturing a composite member in which a conductive portion is selectively formed in an insulating body, comprising:
(1) forming a photosensitive composition layer within or on the surface of said insulating body, said photosensitive composition containing a compound forming an ion-exchange group upon irradiation with light, and said compound being selected from the group consisting of an onium salt derivative, a sulfonium ester derivative, a carboxylic acid derivative and a naphthoquinone diazide derivative;
(2) exposing selectively the photosensitive composition layer to light so as to form ion-exchange groups in the light exposed portion; and
(3) forming the conductive portion by bonding a metal ion or metal to the ion-exchange group formed in the light exposed portion by the exposing.
According to a fourth aspect of the present invention, there is provided a method of manufacturing a composite member in which a conductive portion is selectively formed in an insulating body, comprising:
(1) forming a photosensitive composition layer within or on the surface of said insulating body, said photosensitive composition containing a compound having an ion-exchange group;
(2) exposing selectively the photosensitive composition layer to light so as to cause ion-exchange groups in the light exposed portion to disappear and to cause the ion-exchange groups to remain in the unexposed portion; and
(3) forming the conductive portion by bonding a metal ion or metal to the ion-exchange group remaining in the unexposed portion after the light exposure in a pattern.
According to a further aspect of the present invention, there is provided a method of manufacturing a composite member in which a conductive portion is selectively formed in an insulating body, comprising:
(1) forming a photosensitive composition layer within or on the surface of said insulating body, said photosensitive composition containing a compound forming an ion-exchange group in the presence of acid and a photo acid generating agent;
(2) exposing selectively to light and heating the photosensitive composition layer so as to form ion-exchange group in the light exposed portion; and
(3) forming the conductive portion by bonding a metal ion or metal to the ion-exchange group formed in the light exposed portion by the exposing.
It is desirable for the method of the present invention to further comprise the step of applying an electroless plating to the surface of the conductive portion formed in the third step.
According to another embodiment of the present invention, there is provided a photosensitive composition used for manufacturing a composite member, the composition containing a naphthoquinone diazide derivative and a polycarbodiimide derivative.
According to another embodiment of the present invention, there is provided a porous insulating body having the inner surface of the pore covered with a photosensitive composition containing a naphthoquinone diazide derivative.
According to another embodiment of the present invention, there is provided a composite member having a conductive portion formed on at least one of the surface and the inner region of a porous insulating body via an organic compound, wherein the amount of the organic compound, which is present between the insulating body and the conductive portion, per unit area of the surface of the insulating body is larger than the amount of the organic compound that is not in contact with the conductive portion.
According to another embodiment of the present invention, there is provided a multi-layered wiring board including a plurality of substrates that are laminated one upon the other, wherein the substrate comprises a porous insulating body having fine pores and a conductive portion formed on at least one of the surface and the inner region of the fine pore of the porous insulating body, and a layer formed of a conductive body that does not contain the component of the insulating body is formed on the outermost surface of the conductive portion of each substrate.
Further, according to still another embodiment of the present invention, there is provided an electronic package comprising a wiring board consisting of the composite body described above or a multi-layered wiring board described above and an electronic part electrically connected to the wiring board.The present invention relates generally to improved means and methods for processing documents using electronic imaging, and more particularly, to the use of electronic imaging for processing financial documents, such as checks and related documents in a banking environment.
Today's financial services industry is facing the immense challenge of processing huge amounts of documents efficiently. Predictions that document payment methods would decline have not been realized. In fact, document payment methods have grown worldwide and are expected to continue increasing. There is thus a vital need to devise improved means and methods for processing such documents.
The use of imaging technology as an aid to document processing has been recognized as one way of significantly improving document processing, as disclosed, for example, in U.S. Pat. Nos. 4,205,780, 4,264,808, and 4,672,186. Generally, imaging involves optically scanning documents to produce electronic images that are processed electronically and stored on high capacity storage media (such as magnetic disc drives and/or optical memory) for later retrieval and display. It is apparent that document imaging provides the opportunity to reduce document handling and movement, since these electronic images can be used in place of the actual documents.
However, despite technological advances in imaging in recent years, prior art document processing systems employing imaging, such as disclosed in the aforementioned patents, do not realized sufficient improvements to justify the added implementations costs.1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to a motor drive apparatus which is, for example, used for driving an X-Y table of a monolithic wire bonder or a die bonder serving as one of IC manufacturing apparatus, and a method of controlling the same.
2. Description of the Related Art
There is known a method of accurately stopping a motor at a target position, as disclosed in Unexamined Japanese Patent Application No. 55-77384/1980. In this prior art, after the motor passes through the target position, an error extreme point is obtained in order to determine a current value to be supplied to the motor to correct the error. Then, a rectangular current is supplied to the motor so as to eliminate the error and stop the motor at the target position.
Hereinafter, a background technology of the present invention will be explained. FIG. 10 is a block diagram showing one example of a motor drive apparatus controlling a typical three-phase synchronous motor. FIG. 11 is a detailed view showing a motor 1 of FIG. 10. FIG. 12 is a view showing inductive voltages of the motor 1 of FIG. 10. FIG. 13 is a view showing output signals from an encoder 2 shown in FIG. 10. FIG. 14 is a view showing an operation of a pulse converter 3 shown in FIG. 10. And, FIG. 15 is a detailed view showing a magnetic pole detector 4 of FIG. 10.
In FIG. 10, a reference numeral 1 represents a three-phase synchronous motor equipped with 9 slots and 6 poles. More specifically, as shown in FIG. 11, this three-phase synchronous motor comprises a stator 5 and a rotor 6. The stator 5 is associated with three coils of U-phase 7, V-phase 8, and W-phase 9 windings. This motor 1 has nine slots 10 disposed on an inside surface of the stator 5 which are spaced at intervals of 40 degrees. These nine slots 10 are wound by the coil windings in the order of U-phase, V-phase, and W-phase repetitively so as to form a star connection. On the other hand, the rotor 6 has six permanent magnet poles 11 disposed on the outer circumferential surface thereof.
An operational principle of the motor 1 will be explained below. The rotor 8 causes a magnetic field corresponding to its rotational position, which interacts with three, U-phase 7, V-phase 8, and W-phase 9, windings on the stator 5. Therefore, these three windings 7, 8, and 9 generate voltages due to Lorentz's force. Namely, three, U-phase 12, V-phase 13, and W-phase 14, inductive voltages of sine waveform are generated at intervals of 120 degrees as shown in FIG. 12 because a magnetic field to each winding is cyclically increased and decreased in response to spatial positioning of the permanent magnet 11 which cyclically approaches to and departs from each winding during one complete revolution of the rotor 6.
If sine-wave currents being in-phase with these inductive voltages of FIG. 12 are supplied to the U-phase 7, V-phase 8, and W-phase 9 windings, respectively, the rotor 6 generates a torque in a clockwise (abbreviated as CW) direction due to Fleming's left-hand rule. The magnitude of the torque generated is proportional to an amplitude of the current supplied. Moreover, if the above currents are further multiplied with -1 and delayed 180 degrees in phase before being supplied to respective windings, the rotor 6 generates a torque in a counterclockwise (abbreviated as CCW) direction.
In FIG. 10, a reference numeral 2 represents an optical encoder having three channels and installed on a rotor shaft of the motor 1. When the motor i rotates in the clockwise (CW) direction, the encoder 2 generates an A-phase signal 15 and a B-phase signal 18 having a mutual phase difference of 90 degrees therebetween as shown in FIG. 12, together with a Z-phase pulse signal 17 corresponding to one of zero-crossing 20 points of the U-phase inductive voltage 12. If the motor 1 rotates in the counterclockwise (CCW) direction, the phase relationship between the A-phase signal 15 and B-phase signal 16 are reversed. Therefore, the rotational direction of the motor 1 is easily judged by checking the phase relationship between the A-phase signal 15 and the B-phase signal 18.
A reference numeral 3 represents a pulse converter connected to the encoder 2. This pulse converter 3 converts the A-phase and B-phase signals 15 and 18 into a CW pulse signal 18 as shown in FIG. 14 when the motor 1 rotates in the clockwise direction. On the contrary, this pulse converter 3 converts the A-phase and B-phase signals 15 and 16 into a CCW pulse signal 19 as shown in FIG. 14 when the motor 1 rotates in the counterclockwise direction. A reference numeral 4 represents a magnetic pole detector comprising a counter 20, a U-phase current phase command table 21, and a W-phase current phase command table 22. As shown in FIG. 15, the counter 20 receives the signals fed from the pulse converter 3 so as to effect its count-up and count-down operations in response to the CW pulse 18 and the CCW pulse 19, respectively. Furthermore, the counter 20 is connected to the encoder 2 so as to effect its clear operation in response to the Z-phase signal 17. The U-phase current phase command table 21 memorizes the phase of the U-phase inductive voltage 12 with respect to the Z-phase signal 17 of the encoder 2. The W-phase current phase command table 22 memorizes the phase of the W-phase inductive voltage 14 with respect to the Z-phase signal 17.
An operation of the magnetic pole detector 4 will be explained below. The counter 20 is cleared at the zero-cross point of the U-phase inductive voltage 12 in response to the Z-phase signal 17 fed from the encoder 2. When the motor 1 rotates, a rotational displacement or shift amount from the above zero-cross point of the U-phase inductive voltage 12 is counted by the counter 20. The counted value becomes a pointer 23 of the U-phase current phase command table 21 for outputting a phase value of the U-phase inductive voltage 12 corresponding to the present rotational position of the motor 1. In the same manner, the counted value of the counter 20 becomes a pointer 23 of the W-phase current phase command table 22 for outputting a phase value of the W-phase inductive voltage 14 corresponding to the present rotational position of the motor 1.
The magnetic pole detector 4 is connected to two multipliers 24U, 24W so that the phase values of the U-phase and W-phase inductive voltages 12 and 14 can be multiplied with an output of a speed control calculator 25. The speed control calculator 25 outputs a torque command value, i.e. a current amplitude command value. The multipliers 24U, 24W, therefore, multiply the current amplitude command value with the U-phase and W-phase current phase command values. The resultant two outputs from respective multipliers 24U, 24W are, then, fed to two D/A converters 28U, 28W so as to generate U-phase and W-phase current commands, respectively. These U-phase and W-phase current commands are, subsequently, fed to current amplifiers 27U, 27W in which drive currents to be supplied to the U-phase winding 7 and the W-phase winding 9 are generated in response to the U-phase and W-phase current commands, respectively.
The U-phase winding 7, the V-phase winding 8, and the W-phase winding 9 are connected with each other so as to constitute a star connection; therefore, the sum of currents flowing through these three-phase windings 7, 8, and 9 becomes 0. A current command for the V-phase winding 8 is, accordingly, identical with -(U-phase current command +W-phase current command). A subtracter 28 is therefore provided to obtain a V-phase current command equal to -(U-phase current command +W-phase current command). Thus obtained V-phase current command is, thereafter, fed to another current amplifier 27V in which a drive current to be supplied to the V-phase winding 8 is generated in response to the V-phase current command.
A reference numeral 29 represents a speed detector connected to the pulse converter 3. This speed detector 29 detects the speed of the motor 1 by counting the number of pulses generated during a time measured by a timer 38 when the motor 1 rotates at a high speed and measuring an interval between successive pulses generated when the motor 1 rotates at a low speed. Reference numerals 31 and 32 represent a positive-direction position command pulse and a negative-direction position command pulse, respectively, fed from an external device. Reference numerals 33 and 34 represent subtracters.
A reference numeral 35 represents a positional deviation reading sampler which is open-or-close controlled at predetermined intervals in response to an output signal from a timer 37. A reference numeral 38 represents a speed deviation reading sampler which is open-or-close controlled at predetermined intervals in response to an output signal from the timer 38. If these samplers 35 and 38 are closed, the speed control calculator 25, the magnetic pole detector 4, the multipliers 24U, 24W, and the D/A converters 28U, 28W are activated to renew the current commands to be supplied to the current amplifiers 27U, 27W.
The subtracter 34, constituted by an up-down counter, is counted up in response to the positive-direction position command pulse S1 and is counted down in response to the negative-direction position command pulse 32. The subtracter 34 is further counted down in response to the CW pulse 18 fed from the pulse converter S and is counted up in response to the CCW pulse 19. The subtracter 34 calculates a positional deviation through these count-up and count-down operations.
A reference numeral 39 represents a position control calculator which amplifies the positional deviation obtained. The speed control calculator 25 amplifies a value supplied from the speed deviation reading sampler 38 to obtain a torque command, i.e. a current amplitude command.
An operation of the above-described motor drive apparatus will be explained below.
First of all, the subtracter 34, constituted by an up-down counter, is counted up in response to the positive-direction position command pulse 31 and counted down in response to the negative-direction position command pulse 32, and is further counted down in response to the CW pulse 18 fed from the pulse converter 3 and counted up in response to the CCW pulse 19, in order to obtain the positional deviation. Furthermore, the position control calculator 39 inputs the positional deviation through the positional deviation reading sampler 35 being open-or-close controlled by the timer 37. The position control calculator 39 amplitudes this positional deviation and outputs a speed command so as to reduce the positional deviation.
Next, the subtracter 33 subtracts this speed command by a feedback speed obtained from the speed detector 29 to generate a speed deviation. The speed control calculator 25 inputs the speed deviation through the speed deviation reading sampler 36 being-open-or-close controlled by the timer 38. The speed control calculator 25 amplitudes this speed deviation and generates a torque command, i.e. a current amplitude command.
On the other hand, when the motor 1 rotates in the clockwise (CW) direction, the encoder 2 generates the A-phase signal 15 and the B-phase signal 16 having a mutual phase difference of 90 degrees therebetween as shown in FIG. 12, together with the Z-phase pulse signal 17 corresponding to one of zero-crossing points of the U-phase inductive voltage 12. This A-phase signal 15 and B-phase signal 16 are, then, inputted into the pulse converter 3. These A-phase signal 15 and B-phase signal 16 are converted into the CW pulse 18 when the motor 1 rotates in the clockwise (CW) direction, and are converted into the CCW pulse 19 when the motor 1 rotates in the counterclockwise (CCW) direction.
Next, the CW pulse signal 18 and the CCW pulse signal 19 outputted from the pulse converter 3, and the Z-phase signal 17 outputted from the encoder 2 are supplied to the magnetic pole detector 4. The counter 20 shown in FIG. 15 is counted up by the CW pulse signal 18 and counted down by the CCW pulse signal 19. Furthermore, the counter 20 is cleared by the Z-phase signal 17 fed from the encoder 2 to be 0. Namely, an arrival of the designated zero-cross point of the U-phase inductive voltage 12 is known by checking the Z-phase signal 17. And, a displacement or shift amount of the motor 1 from the designated zero-cross point of the U-phase inductive voltage 12 is known from the count value of the counter 20. The count value of the counter 20 becomes the pointer 23 of the U-phase current phase command table 21 for outputting the phase value of the U-phase inductive voltage 12 corresponding to the present rotational position of the motor 1. Moreover, the count value of the counter 20 becomes the pointer 23 of the W-phase current phase command table 22 for outputting the phase value of the W-phase inductive voltage 14 corresponding to the present rotational position of the motor 1.
In the multipliers 24U, 24W, the phase values of the U-phase and W-phase inductive voltages 12 and 14 are multiplied with the torque command outputted from the speed control calculator 25. Namely, the multipliers 24U, 24W multiply the current amplitude command value with the U-phase and W-phase current phase command values, respectively. The resultant two outputs from respective multipliers 24U, 24W are, then, fed to two D/A converters 26U, 26W so as to generate U-phase and W-phase current commands, respectively. These U-phase and W-phase current commands are, subsequently, fed to current amplifiers 27U, 27W in which the drive currents to be supplied to the U-phase winding 7 and the W-phase winding 9 are generated in response to the U-phase and W-phase current commands, respectively.
On the other hand, the subtracter 28 obtains the current command for the V-phase winding 8 by calculating the value identical with -(U-phase current command +W-phase current command). Thus obtained V-phase current command is, thereafter, fed to the current amplifier 27V in which the drive current to be supplied to the V-phase winding 8 is generated in response to the V-phase current command.
If the torque command is a positive value, the motor 1 generates a torque in the clockwise (CW) direction. On the contrary, if the torque command is a negative value, the motor 1 generates a torque in the counterclockwise (CCW) direction because the multipliers 24U and 24W generate U-phase and W-phase current commands having 180-degree phase difference with respect to respective U-phase and W-phase current phase commands. Thus, the speed deviation is decreased. In accordance with the reduction of the speed deviation, the positional deviation becomes small.
FIG. 9(A) shows a sampling interval of the speed deviation reading sampler 36 applied to both moving and stationary conditions of the motor 1. FIG. 9(B) shows a sampling interval of the positional deviation reading sampler 35 applied to both moving and stationary conditions of the motor 1.
When the motor 1 is in a moving condition, in order to stabilize the motor drive operation by the above-described motor drive apparatus, the speed control must be performed by using three times or more sampling with respect to the calculated speed command as shown in FIG. 9. The reason why three times or more sampling are required when the motor 1 is in a moving condition is as follows.
If the speed command sampling interval is identical with the control sampling interval in the speed control operation, the motor 1 will not be able to sufficiently follow up the speed command because, even if the speed of the motor 1 is controlled to coincide with the speed command value, the speed command value itself may vary at the next coming control sampling timing. Thus, the speed of the motor 1 cannot be stabilized. Especially, as the positional command varies widely when the motor 1 is in a moving condition, the speed command will correspondingly cause wide variation. Hence, three times or more sampling are required for allowing the motor 1 to follow up the speed command. For this reason, the speed of the timer 37 is set 1/3 or less compared with that of the timer 38.
In accordance with the above motor drive apparatus, the sampling interval of the positional deviation reading sampler 35 will be sufficiently extended or elongated so as to stabilize the motor speed control during the moving condition of the motor. However, when the motor 1 is in a stationary condition, the sampling interval of the positional deviation reading sampler 35 will be too long to accurately detect a small positional deviation if this small positional deviation varies at a period smaller than that of the positional deviation reading sampler 35. Consequently, there is a problem that the positioning control cannot be accurately and responsively performed when the motor is in a stationary condition.1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to particularly an optical coherence tomography apparatus including an interference optical system which is used in the medical field, an optical coherence tomography method, an ophthalmic apparatus, a method of controlling the ophthalmic apparatus, and a storage medium.
2. Description of the Related Art
Currently, various types of ophthalmic apparatuses using optical devices are used. Such apparatuses include, for example, an anterior ocular segment imaging apparatus, a fundus camera, and a scanning laser ophthalmoscope (SLO). Among them all, an optical coherence tomography (OCT) apparatus (to be referred to as an “OCT apparatus” hereinafter) is an apparatus capable of obtaining a high-resolution tomogram of an object to be examined. This OCT apparatus has been becoming an indispensable apparatus for dedicated retinal outpatient clinics.
For example, the OCT apparatus disclosed in Japanese Patent Laid-Open No. 11-325849 uses low-coherent light as a light source. Light from the light source is split into measurement light and reference light through a splitting optical path such as a beam splitter. Measurement light is light to irradiate an object to be examined such as the eye through a measurement light path. Return light of this light is guided to a detection position through a detection light path. Note that return light is reflected light or scattered light containing information associated with an interface relative to the irradiation direction of light on the object. On the other hand, reference light is light to be guided to the detection position through a reference light path by being reflected by a reference mirror or the like. It is possible to obtain a tomogram of an object to be examined by causing interference between this return light and reference light, collectively acquiring wavelength spectra by using a spectrometer or the like, and performing Fourier transform of the acquired spectra. An OCT apparatus which collectively measures wavelength spectra is generally called a spectral domain OCT apparatus (SD-OCT apparatus).
In an SD-OCT apparatus, a measurement depth Lmax is represented, as an optical distance Lmax, by a pixel count N of the image sensor of a spectrometer and a spectrum width ΔK of the frequency detected by the spectrometer according to equation (1). Note that the spectrum width ΔK is represented by a maximum wavelength λmax and a minimum wavelength λmin. The pixel count N is often an even number, and is generally the factorial of 2, that is 1024 or 2048.
                                                                                          L                  max                                =                                  ±                                      N                                          4                      ⁢                                                                                          ⁢                      Δ                      ⁢                                                                                          ⁢                      K                                                                                                                                                                Δ                  ⁢                                                                          ⁢                  K                                =                                                      1                                          λ                      min                                                        -                                      1                                          λ                      max                                                                                                          }                            (        1        )            
If, for example, a central wavelength of 840 nm, a band of 50 nm, and a pixel count of 1024 are set, λmax=840+50/2=840+25=865 nm, λmin=840−50/2=840−25=815 nm, and N=1024. In this case, optical distance Lmax=3.6 mm. That is, it is possible to perform measurement up to about 3.6 mm on the plus side relative to the coherence gate. The coherence gate is the point at which a reference light path coincides with an optical distance in a measurement light path. When a desired region (a distance in the depth direction) is sufficiently smaller than 3.6 mm (for example, 1 mm or less), the measurement depth can be reduced by decreasing the pixel count of the spectrometer. Decreasing the pixel count is important in order to speed up processing and reduce the data amount. This is because, when measuring a three-dimensional image of the retina, it takes much measurement time and produces a large amount of data. When an object to be examined is a moving object like the eye, in particular, it is required to further shorten the measurement time.
On the other hand, changing the pixel count of a spectrometer is equivalent to changing the resolution of the spectrometer. A problem in this case will be described with reference to FIG. 1. FIG. 1 is a graph obtained by plotting, for each spectrometer resolution, the light intensity measurement results obtained when the position of the coherence gate is moved while a mirror is located at the position of an object to be examined. The ordinate corresponds to the light intensity, and the abscissa to the distance. With an increase in distance from the coherence gate, light intensity attenuation called Roll-Off occurs. The degree of attenuation of a light intensity Int mainly depends on the resolution of a spectrometer and the pixel count of an image sensor. Letting x be a distance variable and a be a coefficient proportional to the resolution of the spectrometer, the degree of attenuation is proportional to a sinc function given by
                    Int        ∝                              sin            ⁢                                                  ⁢            2            ⁢                                                  ⁢            π            ⁢                                                  ⁢            x            ⁢                                                  ⁢            α                                π            ⁢                                                  ⁢            x                                              (        2        )            
As is obvious from FIG. 1, as a value indicating a resolution increases (from 0.1 nm to 0.2 nm, 0.5 nm, and 1.0 nm), the cycle in which plotted points approach zero is shortened. As described above, images formed from spectrum data from spectrometers having different resolutions differ in light intensity in the depth direction. Differences in light intensity are differences in image contrast. This makes images in the same region look different. That is, with spectrometers having different resolutions, obtained images look different.
In consideration of the above problems, the present invention provides a technique of correcting the contrast differences between images which are caused when wavelength resolutions differ (spectrometers differ in resolution in the case of an SD-OCT) in an FD-OCT apparatus such as an SD-OCT apparatus.This invention relates to a metal-cutting milling tool.
Such tools are known that comprise a body rotatable around a central geometric axis, which body has a peripheral envelope surface extending between opposite end surfaces. In the envelope surface, recesses are provided which open outwards, each recess defined by a front wall, a rear wall and a bottom wall and has the purpose of receiving a machining element (e.g., a cassette which carries a cutting insert) as well as at least one clamping wedge arranged in the recess for fixing the machining element in place. The clamping wedge can be tightened by means of a clamping screw which enters a threaded hole formed in the bottom wall of the recess. The rear wall of the recess has first serrations arranged to co-operate with second serrations disposed on a rear side of the machining element, while the front wall is smooth in order to cooperate with a similar smooth front surface on the clamping wedge. A contact surface on the clamping wedge and a front contact surface on the machining element are both smooth in order to allow a substantially radial displacement of the clamping wedge in relation to the machining element during the clamping thereof.It is a truism that modern cell phones feature a multitude of features that expand on the traditional cell phone functionality. For example, today cell phone users are able to use their phones to connect to the Internet, manage meetings, appointments, and other aspects of their every day lives, listen to music and watch videos, etc. In essence the cell phone—which began as a single-function communicator—has grown into a fully functioning multimedia device. However the fundamental function of a cell phone remains communication. It should be noted that cell phones are also sometimes referred to as mobile phones, which in the proper meaning of the word indicates that the user of that phone is mobile, and is supposedly always available for anyone who might want to contact him or her.
The core functionality of mobile/cell phones has been basically the same since the first devices were made available to consumers. Although there has been a rapid expansion in the feature set of most cell phones, the core functionality has not seen a similar expansion. The reasons for the development discrepancy likely have to do with the fact that the core functionality is sufficient for most users and that there are not just that many ways of enhancing the person-to-person communication experience on a mobile device
Arguably, the most important enhancement in the cell phone, at least as it relates to interpersonal communication, has been the development of the capability of sending short text messages from one phone to another.
Otherwise, the main improvements in communications have been largely concerned with connectivity. For example, communications protocols such as infrared and Bluetooth have become de facto requirements for all but the most inexpensive phones. In addition advances have been made in connectivity to the Internet (for example) and now it is routine for users to be able to access their e-mail and browse the web via their phones.
However, these improvements in connectivity, as welcome as they might be, do not expand on the one-to-one personal communication aspect of the phone. One thing that would be a leap forward in such communications would be the ability to quickly and easily assemble a multi-user communication session that is hardware independent and, further, does not require the user to purchase additional hardware. Although the prior art has provided multi-user communications in the form of, for example, conference calls—the present technology of conference calls is quite limiting to the user. For example, it is typically limited to a predetermined number of user connections (e.g., 5). Further, a start time must be communicated to each user so there is little opportunity for spontaneity. Further, adding more users to the session may be very difficult or impossible. Finally, the conference call will ultimately be limited to known users, i.e., those who are known to one of the participants and have been invited.
Additionally, exchanging short messages between users is a time-delayed communication mode that typically involves a one-to-one communication. Even though some software providers have offered solutions that allow a user to send one short message to multiple participants, such is not the same as real time voice communication between these same users. Of course, such group messaging is a time-delayed communication mode too, in which at least one participant is always in a waiting position. Thus, this communication option also offers little in the way of spontaneity or flexibility to the user.
As was mentioned previously, over the last few years several attempts have been made to enhance the communication options available to owners of mobile devices, for example infrared and Bluetooth have been added but they have been used so far mostly for communication with other devices, i.e. for data transfer—not for direct communication between users.
Those of ordinary skill in the art will recognize that infrared is limited to communications over a relative short line-of-sight distance between potential communication partners. As a consequence, the infrared protocol has typically been implemented as a simple data exchange protocol which is useful, for example, in synchronizing data between a mobile phone and a personal computer.
On the other hand, the Bluetooth protocol provides for the creation of networks, so called piconets, in which up to 255 participants can be combined, of which only 8 participants can be active simultaneously, these 8 participants consist of one so called “master” device and seven so-called “slave” or secondary devices. The master device controls the communication and assigns so-called “sendslots” to participants. Additionally, communications within a piconet are based on the client server principle, which imposes the restriction that the master (server) is needed for on-going communications. Thus, when a master device looses the connection the piconet ceases to exist until a new master is selected and re-establishes the piconet by starting the creation process at the beginning. Although a Bluetooth device can be registered in multiple piconets, it can only be registered as master in one piconet.
Additionally, those of ordinary skill in the art will recognize that the term scatternet is often used to refer to a combination of up to 10 piconets in which each piconet is associated with a different identification frequency. However, the technical specifications of the Bluetooth communication protocol limit the functionality of that communication option. For example, those of ordinary skill in the art will recognize that a piconet can accommodate a maximum of 8 active participants. Further, a piconet will collapse if the server (master) looses the connection.
Others have sought, with varying degrees of success, to deliver enhanced communication functionality despite the limitations of the Bluetooth protocol. For example, U.S. Pat. No. 6,674,995 teaches the creation of a virtual ball game that utilizes data that is passed between participants via Bluetooth, thereby delivering to them the illusion that they are playing a ball game. As another example, U.S. patent application No. 20020151320 describes a method of giving users in a user community additional functionality when using a software package in a community environment. That is, certain functions are provided to the users depending on the number of participants, with higher user numbers being associated with the unlocking of additional program functionality. However, these sorts of approaches are still fundamentally limited by the nature of the Bluetooth protocol.
As an example of an alternative approach to the use of Bluetooth, consider U.S. patent application 2005/0063409 that teaches a method for allowing users to communicate across several scatternets. However, this invention utilizes multiple interconnected servers and is not suitable for users that wish to quickly arrange and participate in an ad hoc communications group.
None of the prior art communication options, however, deliver a flexible way of communicating with an arbitrary number of individual users. In each case either the users are restricted by the technical limitations of the Bluetooth standard or the communication options necessary to create a group chat are too involved for the average user to accomplish. Note that for purposes of the instant disclosure, the term enhancement of the communication options will be taken to refer to any approach that allows a user to communicate with a mobile device in addition to the already existing communication options.
Thus what is needed is a method that gives the user of a cell phone or users of mobile devices the ability to create multi-user communications on that device without a need for elaborate equipment configurations, planning, or installation and which is not bound by the technical limitations of a specific communication protocol. Preferably the method will extend an invitation to others to join a communications group and will automatically provide the appropriate software for use by new users who do not already have it. Preferably the method will use a commonly available wireless protocol such as Bluetooth or Wi-Fi.
Accordingly it should now be recognized, as was recognized by the present inventors, that there exists, and has existed for some time, a very real need for a system and method that would address and solve the above-described problems.
Before proceeding to a description of the present invention, however, it should be noted and remembered that the description of the invention which follows, together with the accompanying drawings, should not be construed as limiting the invention to the examples (or preferred embodiments) shown and described. This is so because those skilled in the art to which the invention pertains will be able to devise other forms of the invention within the ambit of the appended claims.1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to multi-chamber process equipments for fabricating semiconductor devices.
2. Description of the Prior Art
In recent years, the advance in device miniaturization and IC complexity is increasing the need for more accurate and more complicated processes, and wafers of larger diameters. Accordingly, much attention is focused on multi-chamber process equipments (or systems) in view of increase of complex precesses, and enhancement of throughput in an individual wafer processing system.
FIG. 14 shows one conventional example. A multi-chamber process equipment of this example includes a wafer transfer chamber 1, a plurality of process chambers 3 connected with the transfer chamber 1 through respective gate valves 2, a load lock chamber (preliminary evacuation chamber) 5 connected with the transfer chamber 1 through a gate valve 4, and a wafer load chamber 7 connected with the load lock chamber 5 through a gate valve 6.
In the wafer transfer chamber 1 and the load lock chamber 5, there are provided wafer transfer arms 9 and 10 for carrying a wafer 8, as shown in FIG. 14. The transfer arm 10 is designed to take each wafer 8 from wafer cassettes 11, 11 placed in the wafer load chamber 7, through the gate valve 6, and bring the wafer into the wafer transfer chamber 1. The transfer arm 9 is arranged to receive the wafer 8 from the arm 10, and insert the wafer through one of the gate valves 2 into a predetermined one of the process chambers. The wafer 8 is shifted from one process chamber to another by the transfer arm 10 according to the sequence of processes.
Another conventional example is shown in "NIKKEI MICRODEVICES", May, 1990, page 47. A multi-chamber process equipment of this example includes a wafer transfer chamber, a plurality of parallel PVD or other process chambers connected with the transfer chamber, a cooling chamber, a preclean chamber, a buffer chamber, and RTP/etching/CVD chamber (or chambers), a load lock chamber, and other chambers. The pressure of each chamber is held at a predetermined degree of vacuum (base pressure) according to the object of the chamber. For example, the wafer transfer chamber is held at 10.sup.-8 Torr (1.3.times.10.sup.-6 Pa), the PVD chamber is held at 10.sup.-9 Torr (1.3.times.10.sup.-7 Pa), and the load lock chamber is held at 10.sup.-5 Torr (1.3.times.10.sup.-3 Pa).
Japanese Patent Provisional Publication (TOKKAI) No. 61-55926 shows still another conventional example.
In these equipments, the pressures of the different chambers are determined so as to ensure the clean wafer processing environment. In general, the pressures are made closer to the atmospheric pressure in the following order; (Process chamber)&lt;(Wafer transfer chamber)&lt;(Load lock chamber).
In the conventional process equipments, however, a wafer is readily affected by dew condensation especially in a low temperature etching chamber which is cooled to -20.degree. C..about.-70.degree. C. if the chamber is not evacuated sufficiently before loading of the wafer. Therefore, it is required to reduce the pressure in the chamber below a base pressure of the chamber (10.sup.-6 Torr, for example). Moreover, the degree of vacuum of the wafer transfer chamber is lower (that is, the pressure is higher) than that of the process chamber. Therefore, when the process chamber is opened, there arises a flow of residual water content from the wafer transfer chamber to the process chamber, resulting in the dew condensation. The conventional equipments cannot prevent condensation satisfactorily even if the pressure of the process chamber is decreased sufficiently below the base pressure.
On the other hand, cross contamination is caused by a flow of residual gases from a process chamber for heat treatment or photo-assisted CVD, to the wafer transfer chamber if the degree of vacuum in the wafer transfer chamber is too high.
Furthermore, the conventional equipments cannot sufficiently reduce variations of wafer properties such as sheet resistance from wafer to wafer, especially when the wafers are processed in a high temperature silicide CVD chamber. It is possible to reduce the variations of the sheet resistance by decreasing the pressure in the load lock chamber below the above-mentioned level. However, the pumping operation must be continued for three hours or more.(a) Field
Embodiments of the present system and method relate to a stereoscopic image display device, and more particularly, to a stereoscopic image display device with an enhanced display quality.
(b) Description of the Related Art
In general, a display device that can display a three-dimensional (3D) image expresses a 3D effect of objects by using binocular parallax. That is, different 2D images are displayed to the left eye and the right eye of a user viewing the display. When the image displayed to the left eye (hereafter referred to as “left-eye image”) and the image displayed to the right eye (hereafter referred to as “right-eye image”) are processed by the user's brain, the brain recognizes the combination of the left-eye image and the right-eye image as a three-dimensional image having depth perception.
A display device capable of displaying 3D images using binocular parallax is generally referred to as a stereoscopic 3D image display device. Some stereoscopic 3D image display devices may require the user to wear special headgear or eye glasses (e.g., shutter glasses and polarized glasses). Other stereoscopic 3D image display devices, referred to as autostereoscopic 3D image display devices, however, do not require the user to wear special head gear or eye glasses. An autostereoscopic 3D image display device generally includes an optical system (e.g., a lenticular lens and a parallax barrier having a plurality of openings) in the display device itself that divides a 3D image into several viewpoints so as to realize a 3D image.The present invention relates generally to digital copy protection, digital rights management, and conditional access, and more particularly but not exclusively to enabling transferable entitlements using Entitlement Management Messages (EMMs) for providing content to different network devices.
Today a consumer can readily purchase an entitlement to content such as a ticket to the opera, a sports event, movie, or the like. Often, the purchased ticket can be redeemed at some later stage and location. Similarly a consumer may purchase an airline ticket and redeem it for an airplane flight. However, there is a difference of transferability between these two ticket transactions. For various reasons, of both pricing and security, airline tickets represent non-transferable entitlements, where only the named recipient of the entitlement may redeem it, whereas movie tickets, or the like, are typically transferable.
Transferability is an attribute of the entitlement granted by an original owner to the recipient. It means that the recipient may be free to resell or transfer title to the entitlement prior to its redemption. It also typically means that the owner or its distributors agree to honor the redemption of the entitlement from whoever presents the entitlement. Thus, in some situations, a transferable entitlement may become an object of trade.
However, in today's realm of content, such as in the Internet Protocol Television (IPTV) domain, or the like, entitlements do not readily support transferability. If a recipient were to purchase an entitlement on one set top box (STB) there presently is no mechanism to enable the transfer of that entitlement to another set top box or other network device for redemption. Transfer of entitlements between devices on the same or different networks may open a wealth of opportunity for consumers and for content providers.
Moreover, IPTV, and the like, may be currently served in discrete networks—so-called ‘walled-garden’ networks. These networks typically ensure a level of quality of service and security. However the walls often impose a barrier to a market of consumers inside the wall. The broader commercial motivation of this invention therefore includes allowing third-party content providers outside the walls to gain access to this market. Thus, it is with respect to these considerations and others that the present invention has been madeThis invention relates to a method for applying normally dry relatively large particle size (granular) fertilizers to crops, such as lawns. Lawn fertilizers are available in various forms including solutions of nutrients in water, dispersions (suspensions) of fine powders (70-80 mesh and smaller) in an aqueous medium, dry powders and dry granules. In some cases, the nutrient materials are supported on an inert carrier, e.g. sand or clay.
Both liquid fertilizers and dispersions of fine powders in aqueous mediums are usually spray applied using conventional types of liquid solution fertilizer spraying equipment. A typical example of a spray applied dispersion of a powdered fertilizer material is illustrated by the U.S. Pat. No. to Funk 4,036,627. This patent discloses a high analysis fertilizer formulaton of low bulk density powdered ureaformaldehyde having soluble and insoluble portions combined with soluble monopotassium phosphate in which the resultant mixture is a dry homogeneous blend, free of fillers and binding agents, and which may be carried in a liquid medium for application to surface or subsurface areas by conventional liquid solution fertilizer applying equipment. The suspension generally has a fairly high concentration of the fine powder particles in the liquid medium.
Dry fertilizers in the powder form or the granular form are conventionally applied by dry spreaders. Numerous examples of dry powdered and granular fertilizer compositions are well known to those skilled in the art. Recently, these have begun to be formulated with provisions for timed (slow) release of the nutrients to avoid "burning" the crop and to reduce the number of applications in a growing season.
Each of the various physical forms of fertilizer compositions has its advantages and disadvantages. Spray applied liquid fertilizer solutions and dispersions of powdered nutrient materials are characterized by the ability to be applied evenly and from a tank truck, for example. These fertilizer forms usually provide nutrients which are immediately available to the lawn, and therefore enable quick response of the lawn to the application, i.e. quick "greening" of the lawn. However, such liquid solutions are often too rich in immediately available nutrients, particularly nitrogen. A solution which is too rich in nutrients can cause "burning" of the lawn. Additionally, insect and fungus growth may be accelerated. Still further, liquid solution type fertilizers do not often possess long life on or in the ground and their effect is quickly lost. Frequent application is required to maintain a desired nutrient level in the soil during a growing season.
With the finely divided powder or dispersion, a principal problem is retention on the leaves or blades of grass. This can also cause burning. Additionally, ambient conditions and normal lawn care procedures may result in loss of a significant value of the fertilizer. For example, application of dry powder is usually accompanied by considerable dusting and wind loss. Moreover, when the lawn is cut, and the clippings collected, a substantial portion of a powdered fertilizer, whether dry or dispersion applied, is carried away and lost. With a rotary lawn mower, dusting of a powdered fertilizer can also be a problem.
Granular fertilizers which are spread on the lawn in a dry condition, do not generally have the foregoing types of application problems encountered with powdered fertilizers. Because of the larger particle size, dusting is not a problem. Further, retention on the blades of grass or on leaves is not generally a problem with granular fertilizers. Thus, loss on removal of grass clippings is negligible. However, like any spreader applied fertilizer, application is usually uneven because of turns at the end of a row, skips, overlaps, etc. Without care, overfertilizing can occur in certain areas and under fertilizing in others. A blotchy appearance results. Furthermore, the immediate nutrient availability of granular fertilizers may be lost due to leaching. Thus, with granular fertilizers obtaining quick "greening" can be a problem. Thus, as can be seen from the foregoing discussion the problems which are often encountered in the application of liquid, liquid dispersion or dry spread granular fertilizers are also manifested in the quality of performance of the fertilizer.Conventional methods for producing metal powder include a water atomizing method, which provides metal powder by injecting a high pressure water jet to a flow of a molten material; a gas atomizing method, which employs spraying of N2 gas or Ar gas in place of the water jet used in the atomizing method; and a centrifugation method, in which a molten material jet is injected into cooling water present in a rotary drum rotating at high speed. Fine particles are also produced through a breakdown method such as mechanical formation employing a mill or the like and also through a buildup method such as a precipitation method or a sol-gel method.
However, in the water atomizing method and the gas atomizing method, the nozzle structure is complicated and an excessive load is imposed on nozzles, resulting in lowered durability of the nozzle, since the molten material is formed into powder form by a flow of high pressure cooling water or cooling gas. Meanwhile, in the centrifugation method, the structure of the apparatus is complicated, in order to enable high-speed rotation of the rotary drum. Furthermore, in these methods, the molten metal is pulverized on the basis of collision energy. Thus, the resulting particle size is varied, and the yield of fine particles is poor. The breakdown method employing mechanical formation or the like can produce only large particles having a minimum size of, for example, approximately 100 μm. The buildup method such as a precipitation method can produce fine particles having a maximum size of approximately 1 μm, and particles which are larger than approximately 1 μm cannot be obtained. Therefore, when conventional methods and apparatuses for producing fine particles are employed, fine particles having a size ranging from several micrometers to the order of 10 μm, particularly fine particles having a size of about 3 μm, are difficult to obtain. Also, in the breakdown method, a large portion of the molten metal cannot be converted into fine particles and remains as a lump, thereby deteriorating the yield thereof. In addition, the particle size distribution assumes a broaden profile, causing the problem that fine particles having a desired particle diameter cannot be obtained in a large amount.
Conventionally, a liquid quenching method has been known for producing amorphous metal. According to the liquid quenching method, a molten material is cooled and solidified by, for example, causing a molten metal liquid to spout into a coolant, whereby amorphous metal is produced. Even when a centrifugation method, which can attain a relatively large cooling rate, is employed in combination with the liquid quenching method, the heat flux between two liquids (i.e., molten material and coolant) is limited to the critical heat flux in the case where heat conduction is induced by cooling based on convection or a conventional boiling method. Thus, the cooling rate is limited to 104 to 105 K/s, which problematically imposes limitation on the type of metal which can be converted into an amorphous material.
Previously, the present applicant filed a patent application for a method for producing fine particles and amorphous material of molten material which includes supplying into a liquid coolant a molten material which has been formed by melting a raw material to be converted into fine particles or amorphous material, with a small difference in flow speed of the two liquids, to thereby cause boiling by spontaneous bubble nucleation and employing the resultant pressure wave for producing fine particles and amorphous material thereof (see Patent Documents: WO 01/81033 and WO 01/81032).
However, according to the method for which the present applicant previously filed a patent application, when a high-melting material having a melting point of, for example, 800° C. or higher is used, vapor film cannot be broken satisfactorily through condensation. Thus, formation of fine particles or amorphous material of molten material cannot be fully achieved.
Thus, an object of the present invention is to provide, on the basis of improvement of the previously developed technique, a method for producing fine particles, the method being capable of producing fine particles from a high-melting-point raw material and readily producing submicron fine particles which have not been readily produced through the previously developed technique. Another object of the invention is to provide an apparatus therefor.This invention relates generally to enzymes that convert sucrose to isomaltulose. More particularly, the present invention relates to novel sucrose isomerases, to polynucleotides encoding these enzymes, to methods for isolating such polynucleotides and to nucleic acid constructs that express these polynucleotides. The invention also relates to cells, particularly transformed bacterial or plant cells, and to differentiated plants comprising cells, which express these polynucleotides. The invention further relates to the use of the polypeptides, polynucleotides, cells and plants of the invention for producing isomaltulose.
Isomaltulose α-D-glucopyranosyl-1,6-D-fructofuranose (also called palatinose) is a naturally occurring structural isomer of sucrose (α-D-glucosyl-1,2-D-fructose). Isomaltulose is a nutritive disaccharide, with sweetness and bulk similar to sucrose. Several characteristics make isomaltulose advantageous over sucrose for some applications in the food industry: 1) noncariogenic (not causing dental decay); 2) low glycemic index (useful for diabetics); 3) selective promotion of growth of beneficial bifidobacteria among human intestinal microflora; 4) greater stability of isomaltulose-containing foods and beverages; 5) less hygroscopic; 6) simple conversion into sugar alcohols with other useful properties as foods. The safety of isomaltulose has been comprehensively verified, resulting in unqualified approval as human food, and it is widely used commercially as a sucrose substitute in foods, soft drinks and medicines (Takazoe, 1989, Palatinose—an isomeric alternative to sucrose. In: Progress in Sweeteners (T H Grengy, ed.) pp 143-167. Elsevier, Barking, UK).
Furthermore, because isomaltulose has an accessible carbonyl group, it has attracted attention as a renewable starting material for the manufacture of bioproducts such as polymers and surfactants with potential advantages over substances manufactured from petroleum (Cartarius et al., 2001, Chemical Engineering and Technology 24: 55A-59A; Kunz, 1993, From sucrose to semisynthetical polymers. In: Carbohydrates as Organic Raw Materials II (G Descotes, ed.) pp 135-161. VCH, Weinheim; Lichtenthaler et al., 2001, Green Chemistry 3: 201-209; Schiweck et al., 1991, New developments in the use of sucrose as an industrial bulk chemical. In: Carbohydrates as Organic Raw Materials (F W Lichtenthaler, ed.) pp 57-94. VCH, Weinheim).
Commercial isomaltulose is produced from food-grade sucrose by enzymatic rearrangement from a (1,2)-fructoside to a (1,6)-fructoside followed by crystallization. Sucrose isomerase (SI) enzymes (also known as isomaltulose synthases), which are able to convert sucrose to isomaltulose, have been demonstrated in Protaminobacter rubrum, Erwinia rhapontici, E. carotovora var atroseptica, Serratia plymuthica, S. marcesens, Pseudomonas mesoacidophila, Leuconostoc mesenteroides, Klebsiella spp., Agrobacterium sp., haploid yeast and Enterobacter sp. (Avigad 1959, Biochemical Journal 73: 587-593; Bornke et al., 2001, Journal of Bacteriology 183: 2425-2430; Cheetham et al., 1982 Nature 299: 628-631; Huang et al., 1998, Journal of Industrial Microbiology & Biotechnology 21: 22-27; Lund and Waytt, 1973, Journal of General Microbiology 78: 331-3; Mattes et al., 1998, U.S. Pat. No. 5,786,140; McAllister et al., 1990, Biotechnology Letters 12: 667-672; Miyata et al., 1992, Bioscience Biotechnology and Biochemistry 56: 1680-1681; Munir et al., 1987, Carbohydrate Research 164: 477-485; Nagai et al., 1994, Bioscience Biotechnology and Biochemistry 58: 1789-1793; Nagai-Miyata et al., 1993, Bioscience Biotechnology and Biochemistry 57: 2049-2053; Park et al., 1996, Revista De Microbiology 27: 131-136; Schmidt-Berg-Lorenz and Maunch, 1964, Zeitung fur die Zuckerindustrie 14: 625-627; Stotola et al., 1956, Journal of the American Chemical Society 78: 2514-2518; Tsuyuki et al., 1992, Journal of General and Applied Microbiology 38: 483-490; Zhang et al., 2002, Applied and Environmental Microbiology 68: 2676-2682). Isomaltulose is currently produced in industrial scale column reactors containing immobilized bacterial cells. Initially, natural isolates have been used for this purpose but it is anticipated that higher yields of isomaltulose may be achieved using recombinant techniques. Mattes et al. (1998, supra) disclose isolated polynucleotides from Protaminobacter rubrum (CBS 547,77), Erwinia rhapontici (NCPPB 1578), the microorganism SZ 62 (Enterobacter species) and the microorganism MX-45 (Pseudomonas mesoacidophila FERM 11808 or FERM BP 3619) for producing recombinant partial or full-length sucrose isomerase enzymes in host cells such as Escherichia coli. Mattes et al. also disclose conserved amino acid sequences for designing degenerate oligonucleotides for cloning sucrose isomerase-encoding polynucleotides by the polymerase chain reaction (PCR).
In addition to isomaltulose, reported SIs produce varying proportions of the isomer trehalulose (1-O-α-D-glucopyranosyl-D-fructose) along with glucose and fructose as by-products. Some purified SIs produce predominantly isomaltulose (75-85%), others predominantly trehalulose (90%). The ratio of these products varies with reaction conditions, particularly temperature and pH, and under some conditions small quantities of other products such as isomaltose and isomelezitose may be formed (Véronèse and Perlot, 1999, Enzyme and Microbial Technology 24: 263-269). The formation of multiple products lowers the yield and complicates the recovery of the desired isomer. Slow conversion of sucrose into isomaltulose, and a narrow range of optimal reaction conditions also limit the industrial efficiency of isomaltulose production (Cheetham, 1984, Biochemical Journal 220: 213-220; Schiweck et al., 1990, Zuckerindustrie 115: 555-565.). An ideal SI would show high speed, complete conversion, high specificity and a wide window of reaction conditions for isomaltulose production.1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates generally to wireless communication systems, and more particularly, to the reporting of Power Headroom (PH) from a User Equipment (UE) in a wireless communication system that supports carrier aggregation.
2. Description of the Related Art
Mobile communication systems were originally designed to provide users with voice communication services while they are on the move. Current mobile communication systems are capable of supporting both voice communication services and data communication services for mobile users.
Standardization for a next generation of mobile communication technology for the 3rd Generation Partnership Project (3GPP) is being conducted for Long Term Evolution (LTE). LTE is a broadband packet-based communication technology that is expected to provide download speeds that improve upon existing data transmission rates by up to 100 Megabytes/second (Mbps). In attempting to achieve such a high data rate, studies have been conducted that use a minimum number of nodes in connection with a simplified network topology, and that place a radio protocol as close as possible to radio channels.
FIG. 1 is a diagram illustrating an LTE wireless communication system. The LTE wireless communication system includes a plurality of Evolved Node Bs (ENBs) 105, 110, 115 and 120, a Mobility Management Entity (MME) 125, and a Serving Gateway (S-GW) 130. ENBs 105, 110, 115 and 120 are coupled to the S-GW 130, enabling a UE 135 to connect to a core network. The ENBs 105, 110, 115 and 120 correspond to Node Bs of a Universal Mobile Telecommunications System (UMTS) and perform more complex functions than those of a legacy Node B. In the LTE system, all user traffic, including real time services such as Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP), are provided through a shared channel. Each of the ENBs 105, 110, 115 and 120 manage one or more cells, and are responsible for the collection of status information from UEs and for the scheduling of traffic.
In order to support transmission bandwidths of up to 20 megahertz (MHz), LTE employs Orthogonal Frequency Division Multiplexing (OFDM) as its basic modulation scheme. LTE also uses Adaptive Modulation and Coding (AMC) to improve data throughput. AMC varies downlink modulation and coding schemes based on channel conditions for each UE. The S-GW 130 is responsible for managing data bearers and establishes or releases data bearers under the control of the MME 125. The MME 125 is in communication with the S-GW 130 and is responsible for control plane functions.
FIG. 2 is a diagram illustrating a user plane protocol stack for use in the LTE architecture of FIG. 1. A mobile terminal, or UE, 200 has a protocol stack having a Packet Data Convergence Protocol (PDCP) layer 205, a Radio Link Control (RLC) layer 210, a Media Access Control (MAC) layer 215, and a Physical (PHY) layer 220. A base station, or ENB, 201 has a protocol stack having a PDCP layer 240, an RLC layer 235, a MAC layer 230, and a PHY layer 225. The PDCP layers 205 and 240 are responsible for Internet Protocol (IP) header compression/decompression. The RLC layers 210 and 235 pack the PDCP Packet Data Units (PDUs) into a size appropriate for transmission and perform an Automatic Repeat reQuest (ARQ) function. The MAC layers 215 and 230 serve multiple RLC layer entities. These layers are capable of multiplexing the RLC PDUs into a MAC PDU, and demultiplexing the MAC PDU into the RLC PDUs. The PHY layers 220 and 225 perform encoding and modulation on upper layer data for transmission through a radio channel, and perform demodulation and decoding on the OFDM symbol received through the radio channel for delivery to upper layers. A data unit that is input to a protocol entity is referred to as a Service Data Unit (SDU) and a data unit that is output from the protocol entity is referred to as a Protocol Data Unit.
A voice communication service of a wireless communication system requires a relatively small amount of dedicated bandwidth. However, a data communication service must allocate resources in consideration of a data amount and a channel condition so that transmission throughput may increase. Thus, a mobile communication system is provided with a scheduler that manages resource allocation with respect to available resources, channel conditions, an amount of transmission data, etc. Resource scheduling is also required in LTE, and a scheduler that is incorporated into a base station, or ENB, is used to manage radio transmission resources.
In order to meet International Mobile Telephony (IMT)-Advanced requirements that extend beyond those of IMT-2000, further technological advancements have allowed for the evolution of LTE into LTE-Advanced (LTE-A). LTE-A is provided with technological components, such as carrier aggregation, to fulfill the IMT-Advanced requirements. Carrier aggregation aggregates multiple carriers to form a larger bandwidth, thereby allowing a UE to transmit and receive data at higher data rates.
FIG. 3 is a schematic diagram illustrating an LTE-A wireless communication system supporting carrier aggregation. An ENB 305 operates on two different carriers 310 and 315, having center frequencies of f3 and f1, respectively. A conventional wireless communication system allows a UE 330 to communicate with the ENB 305 using only one of carriers 310 and 315. However, the LTE-A system supporting carrier aggregation enables the UE 330 to use both carriers 310 and 315 in order to increase transmission throughput. The maximum data rate between the ENB 305 and the UE 330 increases in proportion to the number of carriers that are aggregated.
Due to the fact that uplink transmissions cause inter-cell interference, it is preferable for a UE to calculate an uplink transmission power using a predetermined function, and to control uplink transmission based on the calculation. The predetermined function may utilize variables such as an allocated transmission resource amount, a Modulation and Coding Scheme (MCS), and a path loss value in calculating a required uplink transmission power. The uplink transmission power is limited to a UE maximum transmission power. When the required uplink transmission power is greater than the UE maximum transmission power, the UE performs the uplink transmission using the UE maximum transmission power. However, use of the maximum transmission power instead of the required transmission power degrades the uplink transmission quality. Thus, it is preferable for the ENB to perform scheduling for UE transmissions such that a required transmission power for the UE transmission will not exceed the UE maximum transmission power.
Some parameters utilized in scheduling at the ENB, such as channel path loss, are not capable of being measured at the ENB. When required, the UE may transmit a Power Headroom Report (PHR) to the ENB to report UE Power Headroom (PH) with respect to path loss. However, conventional uplink transmission power determination procedures are performed with respect to a single downlink carrier and a single uplink carrier. Thus, the conventional procedures are not applicable to the LTE-A system supporting carrier aggregation.Rigid stretchers for transporting injured patients are well known. Certain known rigid stretchers are partially collapsible. These stretchers include one or more rigid support panels or beams. Because of the rigid panels or beams, these stretchers can be relatively heavy and cumbersome when handled by emergency personnel during rescue operations, and these stretchers can occupy a relatively significant amount of space in vehicles and other storage areas. Also, these known stretchers do not include a patient covering which aids in the protection of emergency personnel from hazardous body fluids from the patient and which guards the front of patient's body during transport.
One known rescue bag has been developed for keeping injured people warm while they are lying on stretchers. Though this rescue bag covers part of the patient's body, it is merely an accessory to a stretcher. Accordingly, one of the disadvantages of this rescue bag is that it does not function as a patient carrier. The emergency personnel must use a stretcher in conjunction with this rescue bag in order to pick-up, carry and transport an injured person to a desired location. In addition, such a rescue bag does not have medical treatment openings which provide emergency personnel with relatively quick access to select portions of the person's body, for example, to deliver essential treatments, such as IV solutions, heart defibrillation and the like.
Therefore, there is a need to overcome the foregoing disadvantages and to provide improvements to patient transporters.Various non-informational, non-programmable nanoparticles have been known in the art, such as those disclosed in Zhang, et al., Science 272:1777-1779, 1996; LaRue et al., Macromolecules 39:309-314, 2006; Ishihara et al., Chem. Eur. J. 13:4560-4570, 2007; Kim et al., Angew. Chem., Int. Ed 46:5779-5782, 2007; Li et al., Macromolecules 41:6605-6607, 2008; Roy et al., Chem. Commun. 2106-2108, 2009; and Fernyhough et al., Soft Matter 5:1674-1682, 2009. There is a need in the art for micelles that are capable of changing morphology in a predictable or programmable way. Provided herein are solutions to these and other problems in the art.The prior art has proposed various methods and apparatus to produce composite materials. U.S. Pat. No. 2,931,082 to Brennan discloses a casting method and apparatus wherein a composite metal article is formed by continuously casting molten metal against a longitudinally moving base such as a metal strip or the like. In Brennan, a strip is disposed between the material being cast and a rotating casting wheel.
U.S. Pat. No. 5,077,094 to McCall et al. discloses a process for applying a metal coating to a metal strip substrate. In this process, a melt pool of a metal coating material is deposited on a casting surface of the substrate material and rapidly cooled to form the coated metal strip.
U.S. Pat. No. 4,224,978 to Klein discloses a twin roll casting method and apparatus for forming a composite material. In this method, a material having a mechanical strength and melting point substantially higher than that of aluminum is plated on at least one face of a continuously cast aluminum core material. Referenced in this patent is French Patent No. 1,364,758 which describes in principle a continuous casting method in which still liquid metal is introduced between two cooled work rolls and in which a metal plating strip is interposed between the liquid metal and the work rolls. The metal plating strip is thus plated onto the continuously cast material. This French patent discloses plating an aluminum blank with a strip of aluminum.
In the prior art, it is also known to provide a brazing sheet comprising a core of an aluminum alloy and a brazing material, i.e. a coating of a lower melting point filler metal. Typically, the coatings are roll bonded to one or both sides of the core sheet during fabrication. Brazing sheet can then be formed without removing the coating, assembled, fluxed and brazed without placing additional filler metal at a joint site.
In one type of roll bonding, the brazing material is bonded to a core material at an ingot stage. The bonded ingot must then be hot rolled to brazing sheet thicknesses, typically 0.125". This hot rolling step is conducive to the formation of surface oxides which impair the quality of the brazing sheet and can adversely affect brazing performance.
Alternatively, the filler metal can be produced by casting into an ingot form and rolled to a thin gauge liner stock. After rolling, the wrought filler metal can be roll bonded to the aluminum core material using conventional techniques. This method requires numerous annealing and surface preparation steps to prepare the thin gauge liner stock for bonding. The core material may vary depending on the application. AA3003 or AA6951 aluminum alloys are typical examples of core materials. The brazing filler metals can also vary depending on the desired use, usually comprising an AA4XXX-type aluminum alloy.
Besides the drawbacks noted above concerning excessive surface oxides in hot rolled brazing sheet and the additional processing steps of annealing and surface cleaning for wrought liner stock, prior art methods of making brazing sheet lack the ability to vary the cladding or filler metal composition for a given core material.
In response to the drawbacks and disadvantages of the prior art discussed above, a need has developed to provide an improved method for making twin roll cast composite materials offering flexibility in choice of composition, cost effectiveness and energy efficiency.
In response to this need, the present invention provides a method for making a twin roll cast clad material having an acceptable structure and quality in combination with low operating and capital costs and the ability to utilize different brazing filler materials with a single core material.The VC-2 video compression standard is an open free-use video-decoding standard contributed by British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) to the Society of Motion Picture and Television Engineers (SMPTE) standard. The VC-2 standard uses discrete-wavelet-transform (DWT) and interleaved exponential-Golomb (IEG) variable-length-encoding to achieve the desired video compression. Originally designed to compete with the prevailing H.264 standard, it is expected that DWT results in fewer blocky artifacts than the prevailing discrete-cosine-transform (DCT)-based systems. To achieve the low-delay requirement in a serial data interface (SDI) transmission system, SMPTE standardized two low-delay profiles, which include the level-64 using the (2, 2) DWT, and the level-65, using the overlapped (5, 3) DWT. It has been shown that in order to fit a high definition (HD) video into a standard definition SDI (SD-SDI) payload with excellent video quality, the level-65 compression is required.
The VC-2 level-65 is a subset of the low-delay profile with the following attributes:                1. 4:2:2 10-bit sampling with supported resolutions 1920×1080i29.97, 1920×1080i25, 1280×720p59.94, 1280×720p50.        2. The codec uses only Low-Delay Profile.        3. The codec uses only the LeGall (5, 3) wavelet transform (wavelet index=1).        4. The wavelet depth is exactly 3 levels.        5. The slice size is fixed to be 16 (horizontal)×8 (vertical) in luminance and 8 (horizontal)×8 (vertical) in chrominance.        
Conventionally, overlapped DWT is used in the JPEG-2000 standard which is used extensively in digital cameras and medical imaging systems. In the literature, there are many publications on how to reduce the implementation complexity of 2-D DWT. A common property of this technology is that JPEG-2000 based implementation uses an external frame-buffer memory for processing the on-chip DWT/IDWT data. Thus, such publications have primarily focused on how to: minimize the read and write access to the external memory; reduce the on-chip internal memory; speed up data processing; and choose a scan scheme to minimize the memory usage. However, an external memory typically increases costs associated with the chip package size and power consumption, as well as the overall system complexity and bill-of-material (BOM) costs.This application claims the benefit of Korean Application No. 98-54151, filed Dec. 10, 1998, in the Korean Patent Office, the disclosure of which is incorporated herein by reference.
1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to a fluid jetting apparatus and a process for manufacturing the same, and more particularly, to a fluid jetting apparatus for a print head which is employed in output apparatuses such as an ink-jet printer, a facsimile machine, etc. to jet fluid through a nozzle, and a manufacturing process thereof.
2. Description of the Related Art
A print head is a part or a set of parts which are capable of converting output data into a visible form on a predetermined medium using a type of printer. Generally, such a print head for an ink jet printer, and the like, uses a fluid jetting apparatus which is capable of jetting the predetermined amount of fluid through a nozzle to an exterior of a fluid chamber holding the fluid by applying a physical force to the fluid chamber.
According to methods for applying physical force to the fluid within the fluid chamber, the fluid jetting apparatus is roughly grouped into a piezoelectric system and a thermal system. The piezoelectric system pushes out the ink within the fluid chamber through a nozzle through an operation of a piezoelectric element which is mechanically expanded in accordance with a driving signal. The thermal system pushes the fluid through the nozzle by means of bubbles which are produced from the fluid within the fluid chamber by the heat generated by an exothermic body. Recently, also, a thermal compression system has been developed, which is an improved form of the thermal system. The thermal compression system is for jetting out the fluid by driving a membrane by instantly heating a vaporizing fluid which acts as a working fluid.
FIG. 1 is a vertical sectional view of a fluid jetting apparatus according to a conventional thermal compression system. The fluid jetting apparatus of the thermal compression system includes a heat driving part 10, a membrane 20, and a nozzle part 30.
A substrate 11 of the heat driving part 10 supports the heat driving part 10 and the whole structure that will be constructed later. An insulated layer 12 is diffused on the substrate 11. An electrode 14 is made of a conductive material for supplying an electric power to the heat driving part 10. An exothermic body 13 is made of a resistive material having a predetermined resistance for expanding a working fluid by converting electrical energy into heat energy. Working fluid chambers 16 and 17 contain the working fluid, to maintain a pressure of the working fluid which is heat expanded, are connected by a working fluid introducing passage 18, and are formed within a working fluid barrier 15.
Further, the membrane 20 is a thin layer which is adhered to an upper portion of the working fluid barrier layer 15 and working; fluid chambers 16 and 17 to be moved upward and downward by the pressure of the expanded working fluid. The membrane 20 includes a polyimide coated layer 21 and a polyimide adhered layer 22.
Jetting fluid chambers 37 and 38 are chambers which are formed to enclose the jetting fluid. When the pressure is transmitted to the jetting fluid through the membrane 20, the jetting fluid is jetted only through a nozzle 35 formed in a nozzle plate 34. Here, the jetting fluid is the fluid which is pushed out of the jetting fluid chambers 37 and 38 in response to the driving of the membrane 20, and is finally jetted to the exterior. A jetting fluid introducing passage 39 connects the jetting fluid chambers 37 and 38. The jetting fluid chambers 37 and 38 and the jetting fluid introducing passage 39 are formed in a jetting fluid barrier layer 36. The nozzle 35 is an orifice through which the jetting fluid held using the membrane 20 and the jetting fluid chambers 37 and 38 is emitted to the exterior. Another substrate 31 (see FIGS. 4A and 4B) of the nozzle part 30 is temporarily employed for constructing the nozzle part 30, and should be removed before the nozzle part 30 is assembled.
FIG. 2 shows a process for manufacturing the fluid jetting apparatus according to a conventional roll method.
As shown in FIG. 2, the nozzle plate 34 is transferred from a feeding reel 51 to a take-up reel 52. In the process of transferring the nozzle plate 34 from the feeding reel 51 to the take-up reel 52, a nozzle is formed in the nozzle plate 34 by laser processing equipment 53. After the nozzle is formed, air is jetted from an air blower 54 so as to eliminate extraneous substances attached to the nozzle plate 34. Next, an actuator chip 40, which is laminated on a substrate to the jetting fluid barrier, is bonded with the nozzle plate 34 by a tab bonder 55, and accordingly, the fluid jetting apparatus is completed. The completed fluid jetting apparatuses are wound around the take-up reel 52 to be preserved, and then sectioned in pieces in the manufacturing process for the print head. Accordingly, each piece of the fluid jetting apparatuses is supplied into the manufacturing line of a printer.
The process for manufacturing the, fluid jetting apparatus according to the conventional thermal compression system will be described below with reference to the construction of the fluid jetting apparatus shown in FIG. 1.
FIGS. 3A and 3B are views for showing a process for manufacturing the heat driving part and FIG. 3C is a view for showing a process for manufacturing the membrane on the heat driving part of the conventional fluid jetting apparatus. FIGS. 4A to 4C are views for showing the process for manufacturing the nozzle part.
In order to manufacture the conventional fluid jetting apparatus, the heat driving part 10 and the nozzle part 30 should be manufactured separately. Here, the heat driving part 10 is completed as the separately-made membrane 20 is adhered to the working fluid barrier layer 15 of the heat driving part 10. After that, by reversing and adhering the separately-made nozzle part 30 to the membrane 20, the fluid jetting apparatus is completed.
FIG. 3A shows a process for diffusing the insulated layer 12 on the substrate 11 of the heat driving part 10, and for forming an exothermic body 13 and an electrode 14 on the insulated layer 12 in turn. Referring to FIG. 3B, working fluid chambers 16 and 17 and a working fluid passage 18 are formed by performing an etching process of the working fluid barrier layer 15 through a predetermined mask patterning. More specifically, the heat driving part 10 is formed as the insulated layer 12, the exothermic body 13, the electrode 14, and the working fluid barrier layer 15 are sequentially laminated on the substrate 11 (which is a silicon substrate). In such a situation, the working fluid chambers 16 and 17 (which are filled with the working fluid to be expanded by heat, are formed on an etched portion of the working fluid barrier layer 15. The working fluid is introduced through the working fluid introducing passage 18.
FIG. 3C shows a process for adhering the separately-made membrane 20 to the upper portion of the completed heat driving part 10. The membrane 20 is a thin diaphragm, which is to be driven toward the jetting fluid chamber 37 (see FIG. 1) by the working fluid which is heated by the exothermic body 13.
FIG. 4A shows a process for manufacturing a nozzle 35 using the laser processing equipment 53 (shown in FIG. 2) after an insulated layer 32 and the nozzle plate 34 are sequentially formed on a substrate 31 of the nozzle part 30. FIG. 4B shows a process for forming the jetting fluid barrier layer 36 on the upper portion of the construction shown in FIG. 4A, and jetting fluid chambers 37 and 38 and the fluid introducing passage by an etching process through a predetermined mask patterning. FIG. 4C shows a process for exclusively separating the nozzle part 10 from the substrate 31 of the nozzle part 30. The nozzle part 30 includes the jetting fluid barrier layer 36 and the nozzle plate 34. On the etched portion of the jetting fluid barrier layer 36, the jetting fluid chambers 37 and 38 filled with the fluid to be jetted are formed. The jetting fluid such as an ink, or the like, is introduced through the jetting fluid introducing passage 39 (see FIG. 1) for introduction of the jetting fluid. The nozzle 35 is formed on the nozzle plate 34 to be interconnected with the jetting fluid chamber 37, so that the fluid is jetted through the nozzle 35. The nozzle part 30 is manufactured by the processes that are shown in FIGS. 4A to 4C. First, the nozzle plate 34 inclusive of the nozzle 35, is formed on the substrate 31 having the insulated layer 32 through an electroplating process. Next, the jetting fluid barrier layer 36 is laminated thereon, and the jetting fluid chambers 37 and 38 and the jetting fluid introducing passage 39 are formed through a lithographic process. Finally, as the insulated layer 32 and the substrate 31 are removed, the nozzle part 30 is completed. The completed nozzle part 30 is reversed, and then adhered to the membrane 20 of a membrane, heat driving part assembly which has been assembled beforehand. More specifically, the jetting fluid barrier 36 of the nozzle part 30 is adhered to the polyimide coated layer 21 of the membrane 20.
The operation of the fluid jetting apparatus according to the thermal compression system will be described below with reference to the construction shown in FIG. 1.
First, an electric power is supplied through the electrode 14, and an electric current flows through the exothermic body 13 connected to the electrode 14. Since the exothermic body 13 generates heat due to its resistance, the fluid within the working fluid chamber 16 is subjected to a resistance heating, and the fluid starts to vaporize when the temperature thereof exceeds a predetermined temperature. As the amount of the vaporized fluid increases, the vapor pressure accordingly increases. As a result, the membrane 20 is driven upward. More specifically, as the working fluid undergoes a thermal expansion, the membrane 20 is pushed upward in a direction indicated by the arrow in FIG. 1. As the membrane 20 is pushed upward, the fluid within the jetting fluid chamber 37 is jetted out toward an exterior through the nozzle 35.
Then, when the supply of electric power is stopped, the resistance heating of the exothermic body 13 is no longer generated. Accordingly, the fluid within the working fluid chamber 16 is cooled to a liquid state, so that the volume thereof decreases and the membrane 20 recovers its original shape.
Meanwhile, a conventional material of the nozzle plate 34 is mainly made of nickel, but the trend in using the material of a polyimide synthetic resin has increased recently. When the nozzle plate 34 is made of the polyimide synthetic resin, it is fed in a reel type. The fluid jetting apparatus is completed by the way a chip laminated from the silicon substrate to the jetting fluid barrier layer 36 is bonded on the nozzle plate 34 fed in the reel type.
According to the conventional fluid jetting apparatus and its manufacturing process, however, since the heat driving part, the membrane, and the nozzle part have to be separately made before such are adhered to each other by three adhering processes, the productivity has been decreased. Further; since the adhesion between the heat driving part and the membrane, and between the membrane and, the nozzle part are often unreliable, the working fluid and the jetting fluid often leak, so that a fraction defective has been increased, and the reliability and quality of the fluid jetting apparatus has been deteriorated.
The present invention has been made to overcome the above-described problems of the prior art, and accordingly it is an object of the present invention to provide a fluid jetting apparatus and a manufacturing process thereof capable of improving the reliability, quality and the productivity of the fluid jetting apparatus by sequentially laminating a heat driving part, a membrane, and a nozzle part to form the fluid jetting apparatus, instead of adhering the same to each other.
Additional objects and advantages of the invention will be set forth in part in the description which follows and, in part, will be obvious from the description, or may be learned by practice of the invention.
The above and other objects are accomplished by a method of manufacturing a fluid jetting apparatus according to the present invention, including: (1) forming a heat driving part having a sacrificial layer; (2) forming a membrane on the heat driving part which includes the sacrificial layer; (3) forming a nozzle part on the membrane; and (4) removing the sacrificial layer.
The step (1) includes: (i) forming an electrode and an exothermic body on a substrate; (ii) laminating a working fluid barrier on the electrode and the exothermic body, and forming a working fluid chamber in the working fluid barrier; (iii) forming a protective layer on the working fluid barrier, the electrode, and the exothermic body; (iv) forming a sacrificial layer on the protective layer and within the working fluid chamber at the same height as the working fluid barrier.
Further, the step (1) may otherwise include: (i) forming an electrode and an exothermic body on a substrate; (ii) forming a plane layer on the substrate at the same height as the electrode and the exothermic body combined; (iii) laminating a protective layer on the electrode and the plane layer; (iv) laminating the working fluid barrier on the protective layer, and forming a working fluid chamber in the working fluid barrier; and (v) forming the sacrificial layer on the protective layer and within an interior of the working fluid chamber at the same height as the working fluid barrier.
The step (2) is performed through a spin coating process.
The step (3) includes: (i) laminating a jetting fluid barrier on the membrane, and forming a jetting fluid chamber in the jetting fluid barrier; and (ii) laminating a nozzle plate on the jetting fluid barrier, and forming a nozzle in the nozzle plate. The nozzle plate is laminated through a process for laminating a dry film.
The above and other objects of the present invention may further be achieved by providing a fluid jetting apparatus including a heat driving part which generates a driving force, a nozzle part having a jetting fluid chamber interconnected to an exterior of the fluid jetting apparatus through a nozzle, and a membrane which transmits the driving force generated from the heat driving part to the nozzle part, wherein the heat driving part comprises: an electrode and an exothermic body formed on a substrate; a plane layer formed on the substrate at the same height as the electrode and the exothermic body combined; a protective layer laminated on the plane layer; and a working fluid barrier laminated on the protective layer, and provided with the working fluid chamber for holding a working fluid which is expanded by the exothermic body to generate the driving force.1. Field of the Invention
The invention relates generally to a device that attaches to a telephone for the purpose of lifting up the receiver end of a telephone handset (hook-switching).
2. Description of the Prior Art
Many of the newest telephone systems that are coming out on the market have what is called electronic hook-switching. This is basically a button, that when pressed, will give a dial tone for a telephone headset. This is a very convenient option for people who use telephone headsets, but the problem still remains that there are literally millions of telephones on the market that do not have this option.
Until now, the only option that people have had to alleviate this problem is to physically pick up the handset every time the telephone rings, and place the headset off to the side of the telephone base. This procedure is time and space consuming.
Another method that is commonly used when getting a dial tone, is to balance the telephone handset just up and to the side of the telephone""s hook-switch. The major problem with this solution is that if accidently bumped or moved, the handset will fall back into place and one will hang up the line.
The present invention overcomes the prior art practices by providing a mechanical handset lift for lifting the receiver end of a telephone handset off the hook-switch and pivoting the handset about the microphone end, but leaving the handset centrally positioned over and about the telephone body.
The general purpose of the present invention is to provide a mechanical device for lifting the receiver end of a telephone handset off the telephone hook-switch to allow electrical operation of a remote handset receiver/mouthpiece while still leaving the handset placed over and about the telephone base unit.
According to one object of the present invention, there is provided a vertically oriented base for mounting to the side of a telephone base. A moveable pivot shaft extends through an upper region of the vertically oriented base end, which includes a lift rod secured to one end of the pivot shaft and a lift rod lever handle secured to the opposite end of the pivot shaft. A stop shaft limits the over center travel of the lift rod lever handle and the lift rod to allow on hook or off hook positioning of a telephone handset receiver.
According to an alternate embodiment of the present invention, there is provided a vertical base member with a lift rod and lift lever secured about the base member in positive locked alignment and also having rotational stops aligned on a surface of the vertical base member.
One significant aspect and feature of the present invention is mechanical handset lift that will mechanically lift up the receiver end of a telephone handset off the hook-switch so that a dial tone may be obtained for the telephone headset in use.
Another significant aspect and feature of the present invention is a mechanical handset lift which will lift the receiver end of a telephone handset off the hook-switch so as to allow a user to use either the telephone handset or a telephone headset.
A further significant aspect and feature of the present invention is a mechanical handset lift which will lift the receiver end of a telephone handset off the hook-switch and which will result in the environment on a person""s desk being less cluttered due to the absence of a telephone handset lying off to the side of the telephone base while the telephone handset is in use.
Yet another significant aspect and feature of the present invention is a mechanical handset lift that will mechanically lift up the receiver end of a telephone handset in such a manner that will greatly increase the chances of not accidentally hanging up the telephone while a telephone headset is in use.
Another significant aspect and feature of the present invention is a lift rod and lift rod handle in positive angular engagement with each other about a base unit.
Another significant aspect and feature of the present invention is stops which define rotational movement of the lift rod and lift rod handle with respect to the base of a telephone.
Having thus described the embodiments of the present invention, it is the principal object hereof to provide a mechanical handset lift.
The present invention relates to a mechanical handset lift device that will enable the telephone user to enable and disable the telephone""s hook-switch capabilities without the inconvenience of picking up the telephone and placing it on the desk. Currently, the only means to do this is by placing the telephone handset on and off the hook-switch. The problems that arrive from this method are 1) one has to physically pick up the handset every time the telephone rings, 2) one has to lay the handset on the desk (for many people this takes up just too much room), 3) if the telephone allows one to balance the handset off to the right side of the hook switch, one may bump the telephone, and accidentally hang up.
The invention uses the handset""s own mold to accomplish the goal of hook-switching, and allows the handset to be used as well. The present invention also creates an environment where it is virtually impossible to accidently hand up the telephone. This is a very common problem when the telephone is balanced to the side of the hook-switch.
It is an object of the present invention to provide a device that will enable a telephone handset operator to use both the telephone handset or headset conveniently, without the problems that are currently plaguing the telephone headset industry.In cranes, cargo-handling machinery or construction machinery, such as excavators for example, hydraulic quick couplings are widely used for the purpose of coupling structural components which have to be separated or reset for a specific use of for transport.
The structural components are in most cases connected mechanically by quick-change systems, the coupling of the power transmission lines, especially those with large cross sections, being associated with considerable expenditure in terms of energy and in terms of time.
One object of the present application is to make available a hydraulic quick coupling which on the one hand reduces the expenditure of energy and time and on the other hand avoids contamination of the hydraulic fluid by using individual couplings free from leakage oil.
According to the one embodiment, the object is achieved by a hydraulic quick coupling. The coupling includes two interacting quick-coupling parts which are arranged respectively on the structural components that are to be connected or separated. One quick-coupling part has at least one guide bolt which can engage in a centering bore of the quick-coupling part lying opposite it, each quick-coupling part being provided with coupling plugs or coupling sleeves for the connection of the hydraulic lines, and at least one quick-coupling part being arranged movably on one structural component in order to connect or separate the two quick-coupling parts.
Preferred embodiments are set out in the dependent claims following on from the main claim. Accordingly, one quick-coupling part can preferably be arranged fixedly on one structural component, while the other quick-coupling part is arranged movably on the second structural component.
Particularly advantageously, at least one of the quick-coupling parts is spring-mounted in a support frame. In this way, the coupling can be kept free from forces acting on the structural components. The quick-coupling part spring-mounted in the support frame can, together with said support frame, be mounted movably on the structural component.
At least one lock can be provided via which the quick-coupling parts can be locked to one another in the coupled state. The lock can secure the at least one guide bolt driven into the corresponding at least one centering bore.
The movable quick-coupling part can sit displaceably on a linear guide. As has already been mentioned, the support frame in which the quick-coupling part is spring-mounted can also be guided on this linear guide. The movable quick-coupling part is advantageously displaceable via a piston/cylinder arrangement. To lock the quick-coupling parts in the coupled state, it is also possible for the coupled position to be fixed, for example, by a permanent pressure load of the piston/cylinder arrangement or by suitable shut-off valves.
Advantageously, the movable quick-coupling part spring-mounted in the support frame can be fixed in its opened position by a guide. The guide can comprise a guide means, for example, a guide bolt which engages in the coupling sleeve in the opened position of the quick-coupling part. In this position, the guide means, that is to say for example a guide bolt, permits guiding of the spring-mounted quick-coupling part in such a way that the forces acting on the latter can be taken up. When attaching the quick-coupling part, that is to say when moving it into the closed position, the quick-coupling part moves with its centering bore onto the guide bolt of the other quick-coupling part lying opposite it. In the coupled position, the guide means, that is to say for example the guide bolt, frees the corresponding coupling sleeve. The securing of the quick-coupling part is taken over by the guide bolt of the opposite quick-coupling part.
To provide a possibility of also being able to couple structural components which are angled about their bolted point, at least one of the two quick-coupling parts is arranged on a pivotable support bracket. The support bracket can be pivoted by its own piston/cylinder arrangement. The quick-coupling part arranged on the support bracket can in addition be driven along the support bracket and moved to and fro along the lengthwise guide with another piston/cylinder arrangement. In this way, the quick-coupling parts can also be coupled in an angled position.The invention relates to a discharge lamp having an oval sectional shape, and more particularly to a circular fluorescent lamp.
Research and studies for developing a circular fluorescent lamp having a non-circular sectional started many years ago for the purpose of increasing the illuminance of the lamp on a plane beneath its installed position, as disclosed in Japanese Patent Publications Nos. 50-32785 (1975) and 51-11876 (1976). Also, Japanese Utility Model Publication No. 37-22455 (1962) proposes a straight fluorescent lamp in which the ratio between the larger and smaller tube diameters is selected to be 4:3 or 4:2, and the thickness of its phosphor film is made non-uniform, so as to improve its illuminance in a specific direction relative to its installation.
Although a discharge tube having an oval sectional shape has been proposed for years and is well known in the art, as disclosed in the prior art publications, the mechanical strength of the discharge tube decreases inevitably due its oval sectional shape. However, no proposal has been made hitherto for solving the problem of an undesirable decrease in the mechanical strength of such a discharge tube.A typical tire has a plurality of rubber components and a plurality of reinforcing components chiefly constituted by cords. As illustrated in FIG. 9, a typical example of the tire includes an inner liner 1, a tread 2, side walls 3, rim strips or chafers 4, under-belt pads 5, and other components, all of which are built by rubber materials having required characteristics. These rubber components are combined with a carcass layer 6 and a belt layer 7 as reinforcing components including cords to become a tire T. FIG. 8 illustrates an example of respective disassembled components of a tire.
FIG. 8 shows the inner liner 1, a tread base 2a and a tread cap 2b constituting the tread 2, the side walls 3, the chafers 4, and the under-belt pads 5 laminated under both side ends of the belt, all of which are built by rubber materials having predetermined characteristics. The carcass layer 6 has first and second carcass plies 6a and 6b, and the belt layer 7 has a plurality of belts 7a and 7b. Each of bead members 8 has a bead core 8a made of wire or the like and a bead filler 8b made of rubber attached to the outer circumference of the bead core 8a. A squeegee 10 as a rubber layer laminated on the inner ply, tapes between plies 6c, belt edge tapes 7c are all made of rubber materials. A spiral tape 9 contains fiber cords.
A double-stage building method is known as a method for building this type of tire. According to this method, the inner liner, the carcass ply and other components are affixed on an expansive and contractive band drum, and the beads and sides are built by a primary building drum to build a green case. The green case is shifted to a secondary building drum which modifies shaping to build the green case into a toroidal shape, onto which the belt, the tread rubber and other components are affixed to build a green tire. In addition, a single-stage building method which uses a single building drum swinging between the position at which both the band building and primary building are executed and the secondary building position is known.
When the tire components in the respective processes are affixed and built at a different building position for each of the primary building step and the secondary building step in the double-stage building method, longer building cycle time is required and therefore improvement of productivity is difficult to achieve.
As a technique for overcoming these drawbacks, a system which uses a plurality of movable building drums to build a green tire has been proposed. In this system, the movable building drums are shifted to predetermined building positions. Predetermined components such as an inner liner or other rubber components or carcass plies are supplied to build a green case in a primary building step, and rubber components such as a belt and a tread are supplied to build a green tire in a secondary building step.
The system which shifts the building drums to execute the double-stage building method requires a complicated and large-scale structure and a large installation and operation space. Moreover, preparatory processes need to be performed for both the rubber components such as the inner liner and the tread and the reinforcing members such as the carcass and the belt before they are supplied for formation. Furthermore, the system requires a wide space for storing various types of plenty of components to facilitate arrangement switching at the time of size change of the tire.
Recently, such a technique has been proposed which builds rubber components having predetermined cross sections by overlapping and spirally winding unvulcanized rubber strips formed by extrusion into ribbon shapes on a building drum (see Patent Reference Nos. 1 through 4 shown below, for example).
According to the technique which builds the rubber components constituting the tire by winding the rubber strips discussed above, the rubber volume considerably differs depending on the types of rubber components. For example, the rubber volume of the components such as the tread and the side walls is relatively large, and the rubber volume of the components such as the under-belt pads and the chafers is relatively small. The rubber components having large rubber volume requires longer time for winding.
In formation of the tire, therefore, the arrangement of the building positions of the respective rubber components is an important factor associated with time required for winding of the respective rubber components. When the building time is not equalized for each of the primary and secondary building steps, loss time is produced in the building cycle.
According to the method disclosed in the Patent Reference No. 1, for example, a breaker corresponding to the belt and the tread are sequentially laminated at a position for building the final shape in the secondary building step. Thus, the side walls are built by winding rubber strips at a position for building the green case in the primary building step. However, since the under-belt pads are also built by winding rubber strips at the position for building the green case, the building cycle in the primary building step takes longer time as the rubber volume of the side walls increases. In this case, there is a possibility that prolongation of the entire building cycle time occurs.
Patent Reference No. 1: JP-B-6-51367
Patent Reference No. 2: JP-A-9-29858
Patent Reference No. 3: JP-A-2002-178415
Patent Reference No. 4: JP-A-2002-205512This invention relates generally to a portable humidifier and, more specifically, to a portable humidifier with an improved water tank.
Various types of humidifiers are used to provide moisture to indoor air. Included among such humidifiers are ultrasonic humidifiers, steam humidifiers or vaporizers, and evaporative humidifiers.
Ultrasonic humidifiers employ a high-speed oscillator, positioned a given distance below the water surface, to energize the water and break it into a fine mist. A fan carries the mist into the surrounding environment. It is critical that the distance from the oscillator to the water level be accurately maintained to ensure that the oscillation energy is efficiently transferred to the water. A drop in water level can result in permanent damage to the oscillator. The water level generally is maintained by the use of an inverted water tank such as that described in U.S. Pat. Nos. 5,210,818 and 5,247,604. The tank is sealed and includes a carrying handle on its top surface while a bottom surface includes an opening to which a cap is attached. When the tank is inverted beneath a spigot and the cap is removed the opening serves as a fill opening. Often the cap includes a valve system which seals the fill opening unless the tank is properly positioned on a humidifier base and the valve is engaged by a valve actuator in the base. The valve actuator opens the valve and allows water to escape from the tank into a reservoir defined by the base. Discharging water is exchanged for air which enters the tank through the same opening. As water flows into the base reservoir, the water level rises until it seals the valve and prevents air from getting into the tank. At this level, which is the normal operating water level for the humidifier, water flow from the tank ceases. The design of the humidifier is established to position the oscillator that given distance below this level. As the oscillator and fan cause dispersal of moisture from the reservoir, the water level attempts to drop creating a pathway for air into the tank and in turn allowing the release of a proportional amount of water from the tank into the reservoir to thereby return the water level to the normal operating level. This process repeats itself continually until the water supply in the tank is depleted, at which time the water level begins to drop increasingly lower. A float sensing shut-off switch mechanism senses the abnormally low water level and turns the humidifier off before the water level drops low enough to cause damage to the oscillator. This basic system is well known and often practiced in ultrasonic humidifiers of the prior art.
Evaporative humidifiers come in several varieties. Some employ absorbent belts continuously rotating through first a water reservoir and then an air stream to cause humidity. Some employ pumps to lift water from a reservoir and pour it over a porous media through which air flows to cause similar humidification, and some employ wicking pads which are positioned partially below water level and partially above. In such humidifiers, the water level must be maintained for a different reason than that of the ultrasonic humidifier. Specifically, it is important that water level be maintained to ensure consistent humidity efficiency and maximum moisture output. Wick pads generally are capable of drawing water from the reservoir water level to a given height through capillary action. A relatively smaller portion of the wick pad must be positioned below the water level where water is absorbed, than above where air flowing through the pad causes the desired humidification. Excessive height of the pad above that height to which water will be drawn not only constitutes wasted wick material and is therefor inefficient by design, but also reduces the humidification efficiency of the humidifier by allowing a pathway for air which does not pass through the moistened portion of the pad, essentially constituting air leakage which reduces the total humidification rate. For this reason, wick type evaporative humidifiers are often designed to maintain a given water level which ensures that the most efficient amount of the wick pad lies above and below the water level to maximize efficiency and output. Accordingly, a water tank similar to that described above often is used with evaporative humidifiers.
Steam humidifiers cause humidity by boiling water into vapor. A submersible heating element depends from a humidification unit into a boiling chamber within a base. A water tank similar to that described above is positioned on the base to both feed water to the boiling chamber and to maintain a given normal operating level therein. The boiling water maintains the temperature of the heating element at approximately two hundred and twelve degrees fahrenheit. It is important that the water level be maintained high enough to fully submerge the heating element, and not be allowed to drop while the heating element is energized or overheating will occur. A float sensing shut-off switch mechanism senses an abnormally low water level as the water tank is depleted and turns the heating element off before excessive overheating occurs.
Most of the tanks described above and known in the prior art include a handle projecting from a tank top surface. Such positioning of the handle requires that the tank be carried from the humidifier to the spigot cap with the fill opening facing down. It is common for some leakage to occur from the cap during such movement. It is also common that, after being carried to a water supply, the tanks are rested on a surface with the fill opening facing down. Although usually protruding precariously from the bottom surface of the tank, prior cap/valve assemblies have not generally provided a great amount of structural support, and being that a filled water tank is relatively heavy, the weight of the tank resting on the cap/valve assembly can subject the valve to an enormously high amount of stress. Consequently, permanent damage to valves is relatively common and often results in water spillage that damages furnishings.
It is the object of the present invention to overcome the deficiencies of the prior art and provide a humidifier tank having a tank support structure which serves both to protect the delicate cap/valve assembly and provides a means by which the tank can be carried hole side up to prevent leakage during transport.Conventionally, in a rotary pump such as can be used for transporting liquid foods, a rotary drive shaft is formed with its leading end in a spline shaft, a spline hole formed through a rotor is engaged by the spline shaft of the rotors of the pump within a pumping chamber in a main rotor casing, and a fastening nut of the rotors is engaged and fixed at the end of the rotor drive shafts projected outwardly from the rotor, and a concave casing cover receives the rotor segments and the rotor fastening nut.
In such a conventional rotary pump, a transported liquid flows in the pumping chamber, enters into the concave part inside the casing cover through a space between the rotor and the casing cover, and tends to be retained in that concave part, becoming trapped therein. Since the so trapped food can spoil, the pumps of this type have to be frequently disassembled and the pump with the concave part inside the casing cover cleaned after a day's use of the pump. Reassembly of such pumps after their disassembly, and their cleaning requires the expenditure of considerable time and labor thus increasing the cost of the product.1. Field of Invention
The present invention relates to a mounting case to accommodate an electro-optical device, such as a liquid crystal panel, which is used as a light valve of a projection display apparatus, such as a liquid crystal projector, an electro-optical device encased in a mounting case, in which the electro-optical device is accommodated and a projection display apparatus including the electro-optical device encased in the mounting case.
2. Description of Related Art
In general in the related art, when a liquid crystal panel is used as a light valve of a liquid crystal projector, the liquid crystal panel is not provided in an exposed state on a console, etc., constituting the liquid crystal projector. But it is accommodated or encased in a suitable mounting case and then the mounting case including the liquid crystal panel is provided on the console, etc.
This is because the liquid crystal panel can easily be fixed to the case by suitably providing screws in the corresponding mounting case.
In the liquid crystal projector, the light emitted from a light source is projected onto the liquid crystal panel encased in the mounting case as focused light. Light passing through the liquid crystal panel is enlarged and projected on the screen to display images. In such a liquid crystal projector, since the enlarged projection is generally predetermined, relatively intense light emitted from a light source, such as a metal halide lamp is used.
However, in this construction, first, there is a problem in that the temperature of the liquid-crystal-panel encasing mounting case, particularly of the liquid crystal panel rises. The rise in temperature causes a rise in temperature of the liquid crystal interposed between a pair of transparent substrates in the liquid crystal panel. Therefore, the characteristics of the liquid crystal are deteriorated. In addition, when the light emitted from the source light is uneven, the liquid crystal panel is partially heated, and then variations in the transmittance are generated at so-called hot spots. Thus, the quality of projected images deteriorates.Integrated circuit memories, such as static random access memories (SRAMs) require increasingly short access times. SRAMs are often used in the portion of a processing system where speed is very important, such as a cache memory for microprocessor. Address transition detection is one method that has been used to decrease access time by allowing a memory access to begin as soon as a change in an address is detected. ATD decreases memory access times, and may also reduce power consumption, by providing both preconditioning signals and activation signals in the memory. For example, ATD may be used for a word line driving, bit line driving and precharge, data line sensing, and for data outputting.
An address transition detector generates a pulse in response to an address change. It is typical to have a separate address transition detector for each address signal which transitions are to be detected. For example, if a transition of the row address is to be detected, then an address transition detector is commonly used for a row address signal. The output pulses of these detectors are then logically combined by logic gates to provide a single summation signal. This summation signal is then used to provide timing and control signals for the memory.
In the past, the summation of ATD pulses has been accomplished by using centrally located ATD summation logic circuitry. Metal lines have been used to route the ATD summation signal to portions of the memory where the ATD summation signal is to be used, such as to the word line drivers or to the bit line loads. However, as memories increase in size and density, the distance from the centrally located ATD summation circuitry to the most distant circuits of the memory increases, resulting in the need for longer metal lines. A problem with using longer metal lines to route the ATD pulses is the increased parasitic capacitance that the centrally located ATD summation logic circuit must drive, increasing power consumption, and requiring the use of larger drive transistors in the centrally located ATD summation logic circuitry. In addition, the timing signals may be excessively skewed from one another in different portions of the memory because the signals have to travel different distance across the memory. Excessively skewed timing signals may seriously degrade the performance and reliability of the memory.1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates, in general, to a shift control method for a vehicle having a double clutch transmission (DCT), and more particularly, to a technology for improving a response to a speed change during a kickdown.
2. Description of Related Art
Unlike an automatic transmission (AT) which requires only clutch shifting, a DCT can enable clutch shifting only after gear shifting has been completed. Therefore, in the DCT, gear shifting performance is a key factor for an overall response to speed change. In particular, more rapid gear shifting is required for a kickdown that a driver regards most sensitive for a response to speed change.
For reference, the gear shifting refers to a speed change operation that causes a sleeve to engage with a clutch gear due to them being synchronized using a synchronizer. The clutch shifting refers to a speed change operation that transmits power that has been supplied from an engine to drive wheels by changing its speed substantially using the sleeve, the clutch gear and shift gears by engaging the working parts of a clutch of an input shaft, the gear shifting of which has been completed as described above, with each other. In addition, gear releasing refers to the process in which the sleeve is released and disengaged from the clutch gear.
In order to reduce a time required for the gear shifting, displacement optimization at a point where the synchronization by the synchronizer starts, a reduced time for the synchronizer to carry out the synchronization, displacement optimization at a point where the working parts of the clutch gear are to engage with each other, and the like are required. Among these, most time is consumed in the range of the synchronization by the synchronizer during the gear shifting. Therefore, it is necessary to reduce the time it takes the synchronizer to carry out synchronization.
The information disclosed in this Background of the Invention section is only for enhancement of understanding of the general background of the invention and should not be taken as an acknowledgement or any form of suggestion that this information forms the prior art already known to a person skilled in the art.The present disclosure is related to battery systems.
In the recent years, with shortage of fossil-fuel based energy and adverse environmental effects from the consumption of fossil fuel, both public and private sectors have poured valuable resources into clean technologies. An important aspect of clean technologies is energy storage, or simply battery systems. Over the past, many battery types have been developed and used, with their respective advantages and disadvantages. For its chemical properties, including high charge density, lithium material has been used in various parts of a battery. For example, in a rechargeable lithium-ion battery, lithium ions move from negative electrode to the positive electrode during discharge. In the basic operations of a lithium battery, a conversion material undergoes a conversion reaction with lithium, and the performance of the conversion material is an important aspect of a battery.
Unfortunately, conventional battery systems and their manufacturing and processes result in relatively high cost, low energy density batteries that do not meet market demands for many applications. Therefore, it is desirable to have new systems and techniques for batteries.Devices for transporting printed products such as sheets of paper are known in the prior art. These transporting devices are used, for example, in offset printing machines in order to transport the printed sheets.
These transporting devices comprise hollow conveyor rollers which have a transporting surface in contact with the sheet that is to be transported.
In order to cause the sheet to adhere to the conveyor roller, the transporting surface has cavities connected to a vacuum-creating device.1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to a manufacturing method of a semiconductor device, which forms semiconductor integrated circuit patterns by using charged particle beams.
2. Description of the Related Art
A lithography technology has been used for pattern formation of a semiconductor integrated circuit. In such a case, a light, an electron beam or the like is used as an energy beam to expose a photo-sensitive film. In photolithography using a light as an energy beam, in order to deal with microfabrication of a semiconductor device, a wavelength of a light source has been made shorter from a g line (436 nm) to an i line (365 nm), and to KrF (248 nm). This has been carried out because of the fact that resolution of a micro pattern is increased in inverse proportion to a wavelength. In the photolithography, resolution has accordingly been increased by a shorter wavelength. However, performance of a photolithography device has become insufficient for a pattern size required as device performance. Thus, further shortening of a wavelength of the light source has been pursued so as to increase resolution. However, not only light sources but also new lens materials and resists must be developed, necessitating enormous development costs. Consequently, device prices and process costs are increased, creating a problem of a high price of a manufactured semiconductor device.
On the other hand, electron beam lithography using an electron beam as an energy beam has an advantage of high resolution capability compared with the photolithography. In the case of a conventional electron beam lithography device, however, writing was carried out on a resist on a wafer by coating (direct writing) with a point (rectangular) beam or connecting a mask pattern of only several xcexcmxc3x97several xcexcm. In the case of the conventional electron beam, an electron source for obtaining high-density electron beams was not provided, and uniform electron beams were not provided in a wide range. Alternatively, aberration occurred between a center portion and a peripheral portion in the case of projecting an area of a large area. Consequently, resolution was deteriorated, making it impossible to project patterns of large areas all at once. Therefore, in a conventional electron beam writing method, since writing is carried out while connecting very small areas, many shots are necessary for writing on one wafer. In addition, since time is necessary until stabilization after an electron beam is deflected to a predetermined position for each shot, the increased number of shots causes a reduction in throughput. For such a reason, throughput has conventionally been low, about several pieces per hour (in 8-inch wafer), proving the method to be unsuitable as a mass-production technology.
As one of the measures to improve throughput of the electron beam lithography, for example as described in pp. 6897 to 6901, Japan Journal Applied Physics, vol., 39 (2000), electron projection lithography has been presented, which forms all patterns on a mask original plate (referred to as a reticle, hereinafter), and then projects/transfers the patterns by using electron beams. In this electron beam projection lithography, a lens was developed, which prevents aberration from being generated even when high-density electron means are provided uniformly in a wide range, and large-area irradiation is carried out. As in the case of the photolithography, the development of the lens enables the mask to be irradiated with electron beams, and scanned, greatly reducing the number of shots. Thus, the electron projection lithography is similar to the photolithography in terms of projection, its image being similar to a change of a light source from a light to an electron beam. Compared with several pieces/hour of the conventional electron beam lithography, throughput of one digit higher, i.e., 35 pieces/hour (in 8-inch wafer) is estimated.
A shape of the reticle for electron beam projection is descried in, for example pp.214 to 224 of Proceedings of SPIE vol. 3997 (2000). FIG. 2A is a bird""s eye view of a reticle for electron beam projection, FIG. 2B an expanded view of a area 203 of FIG. 2A, and FIG. 2C a view of the reticle seen from the above. The electron beam lithography has a limited projection range. Accordingly, circuit patterns constituting an LSI chip are divided at sizes 1000 xcexcmxe2x96xa1 on the reticle, and these circuit patterns are connected to form a pattern of the entire chip during projection. Hereinafter, one of such divided areas, i.e., a area on which the patterns are projected all at once, is referred to as a xe2x80x9csubfieldxe2x80x9d 201. A wafer, on which the circuit patterns are projected, is continuously moved, and each pattern projection is carried out by mechanically moving a reticle stage and deflecting electron beams corresponding to the wafer movement. A thickness of silicon (Si) of a pattern portion of the reticle is thin, 0.5 to 2 xcexcm, and consequently breaking easily occurs. Thus, a mechanical strength is increased by providing a silicon beam called a strut 202 between the subfields.
Now, a manufacturing flow of a reticle for electron beam projection is described by referring to FIGS. 3A to 3D. As shown in FIGS. 3A to 3D, a silicon-on-insulator (SOI) wafer having SiO2 buried in a Si substrate is used. The substrate has a thickness of about 400 to 800 xcexcm and, thereon, SiO2 is deposited by 0.1 to 0.5 xcexcm, and Si by 0.5 to 2 xcexcm. As methods of manufacturing a reticle for electron beam projection, there are available a preceding back etching method for carrying out back etching of the substrate before formation of a reticle pattern to manufacture the strut 202, and a succeeding back etching method for carrying out back etching of the substrate later. Here, the preceding back etching method is described. In the preceding method, first, a area of the strut 202 is subjected to patterning, and dry etching is carried out. According to the preceding back etching method, a reticle pattern is formed after blanks for a stencil mask are made. Thus, since blanks for a stencil mask can be made and stored, and only surface machining is needed thereafter, turn around time (TAT) can be shortened.
On the other hand, in the succeeding back etching method, patterning is carried out on a normal thick substrate. Accordingly, the number of special steps for manufacturing an EPL mask is relatively small. However, if mismatching is present in membrane stress between an oxide film of an intermediate layer and silicon on the surface by execution of etching of back-side Si, which makes TAT longer, mask deformation may occur, causing a shift in projection position. This positional shift is prevented by adding boron or the like to an oxide film on the surface to generate tensile stress on the substrate surface as well, and reducing stress between the oxide film and the substrate. Both methods have own features different from each other as described above, and the preceding back etching method enabling TAT to be shortened is considered to be more suitable. The oxide film is removed after the execution of the back etching. Accordingly, membrane blanks for the reticle for electron beam projection are made (FIG. 3B). Then, circuit patterns are divided into predetermined subfields, and a resist pattern 301 is formed on the reticle for electron beam projection by a resist process (FIG. 3C). A predetermined pattern is formed by further carrying out dry etching. Lastly, the reticle for electron beam projection is made by carrying out cleaning (FIG. 3D). As described herein, the reticle having an opening pattern for passing the energy beam is called a stencil type.
Representative features of the present invention can be summarized as follows.
In the case of using the electron projection lithography device, throughput can be greatly improved up to 35 pieces/hour compared with the electron beam direct writing method. Compared with the conventional photolithography, however, the throughput is lower, about xc2xd. In the case of the stencil-type reticle, since the opening pattern for passing the electron beam is provided, a xe2x80x9csquare-shapedxe2x80x9d pattern called a doughnut-type pattern cannot be included. This is because the inside of the xe2x80x9csquare-shapedxe2x80x9d portion is surrounded with the opening pattern, and thus no supports are present, causing it to fall. Therefore, to carry out pattern projection for one area, it was necessary to use a so-called complementary reticle for dividing patterns into two or more reticles, and executing electron beam projection for the same area by a plurality of times. In such a case, projection must be carried out twice for pattern projection of one area, and a reduction inevitably occurs in throughput. A current value of an electron beam must be increased in order to achieve high throughput. In such a case, repulsion between electron beams enlarges beam blur, lowering resolution. Accordingly, even if an electron projection lithography device that has been under development conventionally and now is used, it has been difficult to obtain throughput as high as that of the photolithography. Thus, there is a need to properly use the photolithography having high throughput, and the electron projection lithography having low throughput but high resolution. However, no effective proper using methods have been available.
In the electron projection lithography, it is necessary to properly use a complementary reticle having limited pattern constraints but low throughput, and a non-complementary reticle having many pattern constraints but high throughput. Thus far, however, no effective proper using methods have been presented. Therefore, objects of the present invention are to provide an effective method of properly using a photolithography device and an electron projection lithography device, and an effective method of properly using complementary and non-complementary reticles when electron projection lithography is used.
In the case of the reticle for electron beam projection, in a conventional reticle for cell-projection, a projection area is small, and a thickness of the reticle is about 10 xcexcm, thus providing a high mechanical strength. However, a thickness of a reticle for electron projection lithography is about 2 xcexcm or lower, which is very thin, and accordingly a mechanical strength is low. Further, since patterns are projected all at one on a large area of 1 mm or more, patterns having a large aspect ratio are formed in the opening pattern of the reticle. For example as shown in FIG. 20A, in a non-opening portion 2002 for scattering electron beams, openings 2001 for projecting patterns with electron beams non-scattered are densely formed at a large aspect ratio. Thus, a state before a cleaning step of the reticle was similar to that shown in FIG. 20A. After the cleaning step, however, as shown in FIG. 20B, surface tension of cleaning solution brought about bending 2003, chipping 2004, and adhesion of a foreign object caused by the chipping. Consequently, breaking or short-circuiting, and shifting in projection position occurred in a manufactured device circuit, creating a problem of impossible acquisition of initial performance.
The problems including the bending and the like have become conspicuous, because projection of patterns carried out all at once on the large area in the electron projection lithography device or the like has increased the aspect ratio of the transcribed patterns by 50 times or more, and a thickness of the stencil mask has become thin to 5 xcexcm or lower. Therefore, another object of the present invention is to provide a method of setting a beam interval, which prevents bending in a stencil mask.
A micro-beam provided for the purpose of preventing bending or the like can be made sufficiently thin to make projection of the patterns difficult. However, this may cause a problem such as narrowing, where the transcribed patterns become large or small in size locally at the micro-beam portion. Therefore, another object of the present invention is to suppress pattern deformation at a micro-beam portion by providing a forming place, a shape and a material of an optimal micro-beam, and a projection method.
As described above, throughput and resolution greatly varied depending on projection devices and methods, and required throughput and resolution were never satisfied simultaneously. Thus, regarding the two types of devices, i.e., photolithography having high throughput, and electron projection lithography having throughput low compared with that of the photolithography but still relatively high, and a high resolution capability, the present invention presents a projection device and a projection method capable of obtaining highest throughput while satisfying required accuracy and required resolution for each type and layer. The invention also presents a method of manufacturing a semiconductor device, which makes effective selection of two types of projection methods, i.e., non-complementary and complementary reticles, so as to obtain highest throughput while satisfying required accuracy and required resolution, when the electron projection lithography device is selected.
According to the invention, the electron projection lithography device is used at layers such as an isolation layer, a gate level, a contact hole layer, and a wiring layer just after the gate level, where pattern formation is difficult by the photolithography device. At other layers to be sufficiently processed even by the photolithography, the photolithography is used. In this way, pattern projection is carried out.
According to the invention, conditions for selecting the photolithography and the electron projection lithography are decided depending on an exposure wavelength of the photolithography device and numerical aperture of an exposure system.
According to the invention, for products small in number to be processed by one reticle or products with quick turnaround time, e.g., in small volume products or research developments, a variable-shaped electron writing system or a cell-projection electron beam writing system needing no manufacturing of reticles is used to directly write a pattern on a sample. Thus, it is possible to reduce mask manufacturing costs, and shorten mask manufacturing time.
According to the invention, the electron projection lithography by the complementary reticle is used at the wiring layer just after the gate level or at a layer having a high ratio of a transcribed pattern area in a chip. Accordingly, an opening area of a pattern can be reduced by complementary splitting at the layer having the high ratio of the transcribed pattern area. Thus, it is possible to improve resolution.
According to the invention, in order to increase a strength of a reticle for electron beam projection, if a short size of a non-opening pattern is Wnm, and a spacing with a non-opening pattern adjacent to the same is Snm, then a micro-beam formation interval Lnm is set equal to/lower than a predetermined interval so as to set 0 less than Lxe2x89xa6(S+Wxe2x88x9250)xc3x9750. However, each size is represented by nano meters.
According to the invention, in order to increase a strength of a reticle for electron beam projection, a micro-beam forming place is set at an intersection portion between T-shaped opening patterns.
According to the invention, as a material of the micro-beam, a material having a low electron scattering coefficient compared with that of a material of a reticle non-opening area is used. Thus, charged particles scattered at the micro-beam are suppressed to prevent projection of the micro-beam.
According to the invention, in unit areas to be subjected to charged particle projection all at once, a width of a micro-beam in a unit area having a large opening area is set larger than that of a micro-beam in a unit area having a small opening area. Accordingly, a maximum micro-beam width can be set, which prevents projection in each unit area. Thus, mask manufacturing can be facilitated, and a mechanical strength of the mask can be increased.
According to the invention, even in the same unit area, a width of a micro-beam at a place of a large opening pattern width is set larger than that of a micro-beam at a place of a small opening pattern width. Accordingly, a maximum micro-beam width can be set, which prevents projection, according to each pattern. Thus, mask manufacturing can be facilitated, and a mechanical strength of the mask can be increased.
According to the invention, in order to prevent approaching between the micro-beam and a pattern edge, an area having a distance between the micro-beam and a non-opening pattern parallel to the micro-beam set less than 10 times of a width of the micro-beam is set as a micro-beam formation limiting area, and a position of the micro-beam is shifted so as to set the distance larger by 10 times or more than a width of the micro-beam. Thus, projection of micro-beam patterns caused by dense disposition of micro-beams can be suppressed.
According to the invention, an area within a predetermined range, particularly an area requiring high pattern size accuracy, e.g., a gate pattern portion on an active area, is set as a micro-beam formation limiting area. Thus, it is possible to prevent pattern failures caused by micro-beams within the predetermined range.
According to the invention, the micro-beam is disposed obliquely to a chip arraying direction, especially +45xc2x0 or xe2x88x9245xc2x0 to the chip arraying direction. Thus, a size changing amount at the micro-beam can be halved.
According to the invention, a first round of projection is carried out by using a mask including a micro-beam having a non-opening area connected, and an opening pattern width shortened by a predetermined amount in a direction orthogonal to the micro-beam. A second round of projection is carried out by using the mask, and shifting a projection position in a direction orthogonal to an arraying direction of the micro-beam. Thus, it is possible to suppress formation of patterns of micro-beams on the semiconductor substrate.
According to the invention, double exposure is carried out in a direction orthogonal to the micro-beam, and by using a reticle having an opening pattern width shortened by a predetermined amount in the same direction as a shifting direction. Thus, it is possible to suppress an increase in pattern size caused by the double exposure with positional shifting.
According to the invention, as a method of carrying out the double exposure, shifting exposure is carried out by a deflector. Thus, it is possible to carry out the double exposure at a high speed.
According to the invention, double exposure for suppressing projection of the micro-beam can be carried out by undulating a relative relation between an area to be projected by charged particles all at once, and the semiconductor device. Accordingly, it is possible to separately control projection position deflection and undulation for shifting exposure, achieving a simpler device configuration.
According to the invention, a reticle having a larger opening width of an opening pattern adjacent to the micro-beam is used. Thus, it is possible to suppress projection of a micro-beam pattern.1. Field of the Invention
This invention relates in general to fuel cells and electrical motors and, more particularly, to a fuel cell powered electrical motor.
2. Description of the Related Prior Art
The use of fuel cells to actuate electrical motors depends upon several factors. Among them efficiency and compactness are essential.
Attempts have been made in the past to introduce a better fuel cell powered electrical motor. Thus, U.S. Pat. No. 5,678,647 dated Oct. 21, 1997 and granted to Wolfe et al. for a xe2x80x9cFuel Cell Powered Propulsion Systemxe2x80x9d describes a system for powering a vehicle. This system comprises an electrical motor for powering a vehicle, a fuel cell stack for providing fuel cell power and a turbine-generator unit. The latter includes a generator for supplying power output and a turbine for driving the generator. This system is believed to have an important disadvantage that resides in its lack of compactness, the components of the system being connected functionally, rather than structurally. U.S. Pat. No. 5,923,106, dated Jul. 13, 1999 and granted to Isaak et al. for an xe2x80x9cIntegrated Fuel Cell Electrical Motor with Static Fuel Cell and Rotating Magnetsxe2x80x9d describes a fuel cell with an electrical output integrated within a cylindrical form monopole electric motor. A rotor and a shaft are supported by a bearing attached to the top of the main body of the electrical motor, by another bearing attached to the cover of the body and by a third bearing attached to the bottom of the body. This motor has an important shortcoming. Structurally, the motor is not well engineered, since an accurate coaxiality of the three bearings mounted separately in three different components cannot be easily obtained. U.S. Pat. No. 6,005,322 dated Dec. 21, 1999 and granted to Isaak et al. for an xe2x80x9cIntegrated Fuel Cell Electric Motorxe2x80x9d relates to a motor similar to that described in the above United States Patent, wherein the cell is rotating.
Besides the shortcoming of above United States Patent, the use of a rotating cell increases the mass to be balanced. Thus, it is more difficult to obtain and, especially, to maintain. the balancing of the rotating part of the system.
There is accordingly a need for a fuel cell powered electrical motor which is well engineered, so that the components are easy to manufacture and reliable in operation. It is further desirable to have a compact, versatile and efficient fuel cell powered electrical motor.
Broadly described, the present invention is directed to a fuel cell powered electrical motor which comprises an electrical motor including shaft means, stator means encircling the shaft means and rotor means encircling the stator means. Furthermore, the electrical motor incorporates a base plate means, located perpendicularly to the shaft means at a low part of the latter, and a flywheel means located perpendicularly to the shaft means at a top part of the latter. Fuel cell stack means are circularly disposed on the base plate means between the shaft and stator means, concentrically with both. The shaft means basically revolves together with the flywheel and rotor means with respect to the base plate means, while the fuel cell stack and stator means are attached to the base plate means.
In one aspect of this invention, the fuel cell powered motor includes a commutator located under and attached to the flywheel means. The commutator is electrically connected to the fuel cell stack and rotor means.
In another aspect of this invention, the fuel cell powered motor includes an annular brush disk attached to a top of the fuel cell stack means. The annular brush disk is provided at its upper surface with a plurality of brushes. The latter are adapted to be connected to an outside source of electrical power.
In yet another aspect of this invention, the shaft assembly comprises: a main shaft having an upper flange provided with several apertures, equally spaced and circularly disposed; a flanged sleeve having a low flange provided with several openings, equally spaced and circularly disposed; and a bearing housing internally provided at both ends with a bearing. The bearing housing is mounted on the flanged sleeve. The upper flange is attached to the flywheel means and the bearing housing. The lower flange is attached to the flanged sleeve.
In a further aspect of this invention, the base plate means incorporates a manifold and a sealing plate. The latter is disposed on top of the manifold plate. The manifold plate has a circular recess wherein the sealing plate is lodged. The circular recess is provided at its center with a shaft hole for a main shaft of the shaft assembly. Concentrical channel means is located coaxially with the shaft hole, while notch means extends radially from each of the concentrical channel means. Several downwardly extending apertures start from each of the concentric channel means and communicate with the exterior. Several manifold plate openings are located proximate to a periphery of the circular recess. The sealing plate is provided at its center with a passage hole, while four-hole row means are concentrically disposed around the passage hole. Each hole row means has a series of notch hole means, which correspond, with the notch means in the manifold plate. Both manifold and sealing plates are provided with a pair of coinciding slots: a first slot adapted for an electrical power output from the fuel cell stack means to an external controller and a second slot adapted for an electrical power input from the external controller to the stator and rotor means.1. Field
The present disclosure is directed to a method and apparatus for distinguishing cells with the same physical cell identifier. More particularly, the present disclosure is directed to distinguishing cells with the same physical cell identifier by using a radio frame timing offset.
2. Introduction
Presently, in a cellular network, cells use physical cell identifiers to distinguish themselves from each other. An operator ensures that a physical cell identifier unambiguously identifies a base station. However, Closed Subscriber Group (CSG) base stations, such as access points, may use the same physical cell identifiers, which can result in physical cell identifier confusion. For example, CSG cells can be a collection of cells used for deployment in a campus or can be individual cells used for deployment in users' homes. The CSG cells co-exist with macro cells on the same carrier frequency. CSG cells have a smaller coverage area than macro cells. Unlike macro cells, the CSG cells are un-planned, in that the operator has much less control over their placement and configuration than with macro cells. Thus, two CSG cells that are located within the coverage of the same macro cell can use the same physical cell identifiers. Unfortunately, this results in physical cell identifier confusion.
To elaborate, a mobile station uses physical cell identifiers (PCID) during synchronization and during cell ranking. The mobile station ranks cells by measuring the received signal strength and then uses the ranking to facilitate handover and reselection. If a PCID is not guaranteed to be unique within a macro cell, then PCIDs cannot be used for reselection and handover. If PCIDs cannot be used for reselection and handover, a mobile terminal would need to read system information of the target cell and acquire the cell global identity to determine if it is allowed to access the cell. Unfortunately, this requires considerable additional battery usage in idle mode and can seriously impact battery life. Another problem with using the same PCIDs is that mobile station cell handover will fail when there is more than one cell with the same PCID and a network cannot determine which cell is the right one for handover.
A range of PCIDs can be reserved for CSG cells. Also, a mobile terminal can have a list of CSG PCIDs, such as a CSG white-list of cells that it is allowed to access. These restrictions limit the problem in the reselection case to when the target cell is a CSG cell in the CSG white-list. However, PCID confusion can still frequently occur in metropolitan areas where more CSG cells are deployed. Even in cases where the spatial likelihood of PCID confusion is low, when confusion occurs, it affects the same mobile terminal repeatedly. For example, if two homes within the coverage of the same macro cell use CSG cells with the same PCID, the corresponding users will experience handover failures when entering their homes and they will have substantially higher battery drain.
In order to resolve the PCID confusion, a mobile terminal could read additional system information of a cell, which contains a unique cell identifier, which the mobile terminal could rely on to determine if the cell is suitable. Unfortunately, reading the additional system information in connected mode would cause substantial delay which negatively impacts handover performance. Also, a mobile terminal would have to read the additional system information every time it encounters a CSG PCID, because different encounters with the same PCID could correspond to different cells. Furthermore, the mobile terminal would lose data being sent through the serving cell as a result of reading the additional system information because the mobile terminal would have to synchronize to the target cell.
It is also possible to ignore a cell based on the PCID if it has been found to be unsuitable after previously reading additional system information. However, this would not resolve the PCID confusion problem because a cell encountered later may be suitable to the mobile terminal but would be ignored if it has same PCID as a previously unsuitable cell. Furthermore, in connected mode, a mobile terminal would not measure and report the ignored PCIDs and the network would not know when interference from the PCID is significant and would not be able to take measures to prevent disruption of service.
Thus, there is a need for a method and apparatus for distinguishing cells with the same physical cell identifier.Computer systems typically comprise a combination of hardware, such as semiconductors, transistors, chips, and circuit boards, and computer programs. As increasing numbers of smaller and faster transistors can be integrated on a single chip, new processors are designed to use these transistors effectively to increase performance. Currently, many computer designers opt to use the increasing transistor budget to build ever bigger and more complex uni-processors. Alternatively, multiple smaller processor cores can be placed on a single chip, which is beneficial because a single, simple processor core is less complex to design and verify. This results in a less costly and complex verification process, as a once verified module, the processor, is repeated multiple times on a chip.
Techniques known as multiple logical partitions take advantage of multi-processors. A logically partitioned computer comprises multiple logical partitions that implement virtual computers, which execute in separate memory spaces, may execute separate operating systems, and may use shared resources. Examples of shared resources are processors, memory, co-processors, network bandwidth, or secondary storage. Partitions are often implemented on computer systems that include multiple processors and/or on multiple computer systems (often called compute nodes or simply nodes) that comprise processors, which run the multiple partitions to accomplish tasks.This invention relates generally to carbon-to-liquids systems, and more specifically to methods and systems for minimizing liquid product variation from a reactor portion of a system.
The terms C5+ and “liquid hydrocarbons” are used synonymously to refer to hydrocarbons or oxygenated compounds having five (5) or greater number of carbons, including for example pentane, hexane, heptane, pentanol, pentene, and which are liquid at normal atmospheric conditions. The terms C4− and “gaseous hydrocarbons” are used synonymously to refer to hydrocarbons or oxygenated compounds having four (4) or fewer number of carbons, including for example methane, ethane, propane, butane, butanol, butene, propene, and which are gaseous at normal atmospheric conditions.
At least some known Fischer-Tropsch (FT) units have been optimized to produce synthesis gas (syngas) from natural gas, also known as Gas-to-Liquids process (GTL). Typically, syngas refers to a mixture of H2, CO and some CO2 at various proportions. To improve C5+ selectivity and minimize selectivity to C4−, i.e. natural gas and liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) production in known units, a FT reactor is operated with relatively high residence times, with relatively high per pass conversion, and with hydrogen to carbon monoxide (H2/CO) ratios below the consumption ratio. The remote location of most carbon-to-liquids plants makes natural gas and LPG co-production economically unattractive because of the relatively high transportation costs.
Minimizing natural gas and LPG production generally results in a significant fraction (30-40%) of the FT liquids being over-converted to wax. The wax formed must then be converted back to a diesel range, typically C10-C20 hydrocarbons, using a separate hydrocracking reactor. Also, the relatively high per pass conversion that is used to increase C5+ production generally adversely limits the pressure of the FT reactor, and the byproduct water partial pressure increases with conversion and total pressure. As the water partial pressure is increased the catalyst can be generally deactivated through oxidation of the active catalyst sites. Low water partial pressure may cause competitive adsorption of water, CO, and H2 molecules on the catalyst active site, thus reducing syngas conversion. Iron-based FT catalysts in particular can be greatly affected by water. Cobalt-based FT catalysts are generally more resistant to oxidation by water. Other carbonaceous fuels may also be used to provide the syngas input to the FT process. However, undesirable product variations may be caused by the operating characteristics of the known FT gas-to-liquids systems described above.Waste heat recovery in various types of combustion engines is a way to improve the overall efficiency of these systems. Waste heat recovery systems range from power plants that have bottoming cycles, to thermoelectric systems that generate electricity. Power plants that have bottoming cycles utilize the excess heat in the low pressure exhaust gases from the primary work generating cycle. Thermoelectric systems utilize similar waste heat sources.
On piston engines, waste heat recovery systems can consist of a closed loop Rankine Cycle. A Rankine Cycle uses the heat from the exhaust to power the cycle. These systems typically have a separate, dedicated, expander that extracts power from the working fluid and is connected to the crankshaft of the engine.The subject matter disclosed herein generally relates to an aircraft deicing system, and more particularly, to a deicing system for a rotor blade of a rotary wing aircraft.
Rotary wing aircrafts may encounter atmospheric conditions that cause the formation of ice on rotor blades and other surfaces of the aircraft. Accumulated ice, if not removed can add weight to the aircraft and may alter the airfoil configuration, causing undesirable flying characteristics.
A common approach to ice management is thermal deicing. Thermal deicing includes heating portions of the rotor blades, such as the leading edge for example, to loosen accumulated ice. Centrifugal forces acting on the rotor blades, and the airstream passing there over, remove the loosened ice from the rotor blades. Desired portions of the rotor blades are typically heated using electro thermal heating elements arranged at the leading edges of the airfoils, in direct contact with the blade spar. As a result of this direct contact, a malfunction of the electro thermal heating elements, such as by overheating or shorting for example, may damage the spar thereby affecting the structural stability and/or the airfoil of the rotor blade.1. Technical Field
Embodiments of the present invention relate generally to providing an on-board diagnostic port connector in an automobile with a lockable connection, and specifically to a lockable connection that is discreet and easy to operate.
2. Background of Related Art
On-board diagnostic regulations require passenger cars and trucks to be equipped with a standardized connector to provide access to the vehicles diagnostic information. Since 1996, the standard required has been one published in Society of Automotive Engineers paper SAE J1962, known as OBD-II (or OBD2). This standard specifies the signal and message protocols, the pinout of the connector, and the details of the connector itself.
This standard connector is the access point for the diagnostic and operational information about the vehicle. The OBD-II port is crucial in such tasks as checking and clearing diagnostic trouble codes, allowing for governmental vehicle inspection, and driver provided supplemental instrumentation and telematics. These applications generally involve temporary, and voluntary, connections to the car's OBD-II port, commonly referred to as plug and remove.
In the car rental and fleet vehicle industries, there is often a desire to have a device connected to the vehicle's diagnostics. These devices can be hard-wired into the vehicle's electronics, or they can be plugged into the vehicle's OBD-II port. Each of these options has its own advantages and disadvantages.
Devices that are hard-wired into the vehicle's electronics provide the most secure and least intrusive option. Such devices connect directly to the vehicle control unit or are spliced into the wiring harness of the vehicle. If done properly, these connections will be semi-permanent and very reliable. These devices also allow the OBD-II port to be unobstructed and be available for other devices to connect. Furthermore, since they are made in the vehicles wiring, they are rarely visible or otherwise evident without removing dashboard panels or looking in the engine bay. In a rental or fleet situation, the user not being aware of the device can be helpful to prevent tampering or removal.
Though these hard-wired devices offer several advantages, their main drawback is the cost of time and labor associated with their proper installation. Proper installation of a hard-wired device requires a trained technician to first remove interior panels to access the wiring necessary. Once the technician has access to the wiring of the vehicle, great care must be taken to properly tap into the necessary inputs without doing permanent damage to the vehicle. This process can take anywhere from a few hours to a few days per vehicle. Additionally, mistakes made during this installation can cost thousands of dollars to repair. Once the vehicles are no longer to be used in the fleet, uninstalling them to be installed in other fleet vehicles (or to provide for the sale of the decommissioned vehicle) is an equally labor intensive process.
The alternative to such laborious installation procedures is an OBD-II port connected device. These devices have the advantage of taking only minutes or hours to install and secure in the dash area of the vehicle. Similarly, they are easily uninstalled at the end of a vehicle's service time.
Because they are so easily installed and uninstalled, their downside is that they are often disconnected before it is desired by the fleet owner. This could be from vibrations gradually loosening the connection, an operator accidentally knocking the plug out, or a driver intentionally unplugging a device. The standard for OBD-II requires that the port be located within reach of the steering wheel, which typically results in the port being located in or around the foot well of a passenger vehicle. As such, a driver may accidentally contact the plug, loosening or disconnecting the device from the vehicle. Furthermore, potential operators may seek to intentionally remove the devices, either to prevent the collection of vehicle data, or to steal the device.
What is needed, therefore, is an OBD-II compliant connector that is easy for a technician to install and uninstall, but difficult for an operator to knock loose or remove without permission. It is to such systems and methods that embodiments of the present invention are primarily directed.There are over 223,000 railroad grade crossings in the United States alone. Most of these crossings, especially those in rural areas, have only warning signs to alert motorists to the danger posed by an approaching train. Typical of railroad grade crossing warning signs is the familiar X-shaped "RAILROAD CROSSING" sign or "crossbuck." Warning signs, however, only alert motorists to the presence of a railroad crossing and do not alert them to the presence of an oncoming train. Often, a motorist may fail to see an approaching train because he was distracted or because his view of the train was obstructed by environmental conditions or darkness. Consequently, collisions between trains and automobiles at railroad crossings account for thousands of accidents each year, many of which result in extensive property damage and serious injury or death to motorists.
Known to the art are active railroad crossing warning systems utilizing the railroad tracks themselves to detect an approaching train and activate warning signal apparatus such as flashing lights and bells. These systems warn motorists when a train is detected at a predetermined distance from the crossing. However, present active warning systems do no take into account the speed of the train and thus make no allowance for the time it will take the train to reach the crossing. For example, a fast moving train may reach the crossing in only a few seconds after it is detected, while a slow moving train may fail to reach the crossing until several minutes have passed. Motorists may become impatient waiting for slow moving trains to reach the crossing. Consequently, some motorists may begin to ignore the warnings and attempt to cross the tracks possibly causing an accident should a fast moving train be encountered. Further, installation of current active warning systems may require the insulation and resetting of great lengths of track. Additionally, these systems may require the installation of expensive high voltage transformers, relays, and batteries for backup systems. Unfortunately, many rural crossings are not conducive to the installation of active warning systems that requires AC electrical power and extensive grade preparation. Consequently, these crossings usually remain inadequately protected. High speed rail corridors being proposed across the United States will only exacerbate this problem. These corridors will require improved crossing warning systems to properly secure the safety of both passengers and motorists.The present invention relates to the field of information technology, including, more particularly, to systems and techniques for simplifying access to different applications.
Organizations look to their information technology (IT) department to plan, coordinate, and manage the computer-related activities of the organization. An IT department is responsible for upkeep, maintenance, and security of networks. This may include analyzing the computer and information needs of their organizations from an operational and strategic perspective and determining immediate and long-range personnel and resource requirements.
Monitoring the computer-related activities of the organization is an increasingly difficult task because the modern workplace is a complex blend of multiple users and multiple applications which combine into a complex and dynamically evolving environment. For example, at any given time multiple applications may be executing on multiple machines or “in the cloud.” It can be hard to follow what is going on in the cloud, for an application, for a given user. Many organizations do not have systems for tracking how resources are used by applications and users.
Thus, there is a need to provide systems and techniques to manage computing resources.HotKnot is a near-field communication technology (which is mainly used in a capacitive touch screen) used in some smart terminal devices. This near-field communication includes two processes: proximity detection process and data transmission process. The proximity detection process of the near-field communication is: a touch screen terminal of one party sends a proximity detection sequence (for example, the proximity detection sequence includes six frequencies), and after receiving the proximity detection sequence, a touch screen terminal of the other party successively scans the multiple frequencies included in the proximity detection sequence. If signal strength at each frequency is greater than a preset signal strength threshold, it is considered that a signal source exists at the frequency. After the scan is completed, if signal sources exist at all frequencies, it is determined that the sequence is valid; otherwise, it is determined that the sequence is invalid. After it is determined that the sequence is valid, the receiving party feeds back a proximity response sequence to the sending party. After receiving the proximity response sequence, the sending party successively performs scan similarly, and determines whether the response sequence is valid. The determining manner is described above. When the two parties both consider that the sequence is valid, it is considered that sequence identification succeeds once. After the sequence identification succeeds for multiple times according to an interaction rule, it is determined that a touch screen terminal approaches. After the proximity detection succeeds, an interference source is turned off, and the data transmission process is started to send or receive data. During the proximity detection, the interference source such as an LCD is not turned off, there is a relatively big difficulty to correctly determine a frequency of the sequence, and setting of a signal strength threshold plays a particularly important role in determining of a signal. Therefore, it appears to be particularly important to be capable of setting a proper signal strength threshold according to a noise situation.
During proximity detection of two HotKnot (which is a type of near-field communication and is mainly used in the capacitive touch screen) devices, a drive signal of LCD scan, or common-mode interference when a charger is connected interferes with signal detection of the capacitive touch screen, which may cause an error when the proximity detection is performed by using the touch screen, and a case in which the two parties cannot enter or one party enters by a mistake. Currently, to enable the capacitive touch screen to adapt to different LCD interference intensities, noise reduction processing is usually performed on detected data. After the noise reduction processing, a signal strength threshold determining policy is used. If signal strength is greater than the threshold, it is considered that a signal is valid; otherwise, it is considered that the signal is an invalid signal. In addition, for the foregoing interference cases, an interference frequency is detected by using an instrument, and then the interference frequency is not used as a determining basis, thereby avoiding an interference sources.
However, in a current processing manner, there are at least two problems: 1) Although some problems can be solved by using a proper signal strength threshold, when interference occurs at some frequencies, signal strength of noise is sometimes greater than strength of a signal, and the frequencies are very difficult to be identified, which finally results in failure of entire sequence identification; and in addition, interference intensity often changes, detection reliability and sensitivity are difficult to be ensured if only one fixed signal strength threshold is used. 2) Interference in an actual environment often changes; if some fixed frequencies are not identified, although a situation of interference at the fixed frequencies can be improved, when the interference at the frequencies changes, the changed interference frequencies cannot be shielded, that is, a compatibility problem exists. Therefore, in the case of weak signal or strong interference, reliability and sensitivity of proximity detection are not high.Power over Ethernet systems are seeing increasing use in today's society. Power over Ethernet, sometimes abbreviated PoE, refers to providing power to Ethernet devices over an Ethernet line that is also used to communicate data. Thus, power over Ethernet devices do not require separate power supply lines. In some instances, the power may be supplied by a power supply contained within an Ethernet switch. Because the power supply does not generally have the power capability to supply maximum power to every port, there is a limit on the number of power over Ethernet devices that can be connected to a given power supply. A port may be denied power, if it will result in oversubscription of the power supply. Example power over Ethernet devices that can benefit from receiving power over the Ethernet communication lines include an internet protocol telephone, a badge reader, a wireless access point, a video camera, and others.
Traditionally, when a power over Ethernet device is connected to a power supply, the power over Ethernet device is allocated a maximum power class according to IEEE standard 802.3af denoted as class 0 thru 4. These maximum values correspond to the maximum amount of power that will be supplied by the power supply to the power over Ethernet device. IEEE standard 802.3af provides for three levels of 15.4 watts, 7.5 watts, and 4.0 watts for these power over Ethernet devices. In certain circumstances, such allocation prevents the power supply from being utilized to its full capability due to the coarse granularity in class.
A software program referred to as Cisco Discovery Protocol allows for more granular specification of the limit for the power over Ethernet powered devices other than the above-described IEEE levels. However, the power supply still may have unutilized capacity.This invention pertains to speed regulators for direct current DC motors and, more particularly, is concerned with open loop speed regulators for DC motors.
DC motors find numerous applications because of their intrinsic variable speed characteristics and capabilities which offer very high speeds and small size.
The rotating member of a DC motor is named the armature and the stationary member is named the field. The armature has windings and the field can have either windings or permanent magnets.
Some applications have a need for constant speed regardless of torque. A general statement about DC motors is that with an increase in torque, speed will drop and current will increase, assuming a constant input voltage. The amount each parameter varies depends on the type of motor. For a motor with the armature and field winding connected in series the drop in speed will be more pronounced than the increase in current. For motors with shunt connected windings or permanent magnet fields the opposite is true, the speed will be more nearly constant while there is a marked increase in current. There will be some drop in speed however, and this amount may be undesirable in critical applications. For this reason, a number of constant speed controls have been devised over the years.
Speed regulating systems may be classified as either closed loop or open loop. Closed loop systems derive a signal from the actual speed of the motor with a tachometer, for example, and use the signal in a feedback loop.
An open loop system does not measure speed directly but measures some other parameter. In some open loop systems the measured parameter is current.
A well known example of an open loop motor regulating system includes a resistor in series with the input of the motor. The voltage across the resistor corresponds to motor current and is directed to a control circuit. The resistor voltage influences a control circuit which supplies the input voltage to the motor. A change in resistor voltage indicates a change in torque and indirectly indicates a change in speed. In response to the resistor voltage the control circuit adjusts the voltage to the motor thereby supplying the right amount of power required to maintain a constant speed over variations in torque.
The series resistor causes I.sup.2 R power losses particularly when during high torque conditions because current is high. These losses cause heat build-up and a need for a larger power supply capability.
It will be seen that a speed regulator according to the present invention does not require a resistor in series with the motor and is thereby more efficient.Cardiac ischemia is a condition that results from insufficient oxygenation to heart muscle and may pose an inherent risk in addition to potentially being a precursor to a life threatening event, such as myocardial infarction (MI). Detecting ischemia may be carried out by a variety of methods, some of which are amendable to implantable monitoring devices. Ischemia, and particularly, unstable ischemia, in a patient may be treated in a clinical setting by a variety of modalities.
A patient with severe unstable ischemia may be a candidate for immediate intervention, such as coronary angioplasty or bypass surgery. However, less severe cases may be treated by pharmaceutical methods as well as others. Even with such treatment modalities available, most ischemic events occur initially outside the clinical environment or at a place or time when such clinical assessment and treatment is not immediately available.
For ICD patients experiencing transient ischemia, standard ventricular pacing therapy in order to increase cardiac output is contraindicated as the increased heart rate induced as a result of the pacing will typically increase the oxygen demand on the heart tissue, and particularly the ischemic heart tissue, which may further exacerbate any damage caused by the ischemia. In addition, generally speaking, a paced rhythm is not as mechanically efficient as a normal sinus rhythm, and, as such, the blood flow output may even be further reduced. Thus, typical single chamber ventricle pacing therapy for an ischemic patient may increase oxygen demand of the heart tissue undergoing ischemic trauma and decrease the pumping efficiency of the heart overall or both.
As such, what has been needed are methods and devices for treating a patient with transient ischemia immediately after onset of the ischemia that do not generate a substantial increase in oxygen consumption by the heart.In general, customers using an online order processing system may order products using a local computer (e.g., a client) over a connection to a vendor, such as by dialing in over a modem to a computer network, such as the Internet, to the vendor's computer (e.g., server). Typically, the customer can enter in ordering information into a user interface provided by the vendor's order processing software over the connection which is displayed on a visual display of the customer's computer. For example, the customer can begin by entering in the customer's name and address if the customer is interested in a particular product, and the customer can enter in the name and/or model number of the product that the customer is considering ordering. The customer can then receive product information including pricing information, configuration information, and so on.
After receiving this product information over the network connection, the customer can decide whether to place the order or to hold off submitting the order until a later time. If placing the order, the customer can indicate that the customer wishes to submit the order by further manipulating the computer display provided by the vendor's computer. The vendor's order processing software may require the customer to submit additional information, such as a purchase order number and shipping address. After entering this information, the order processing software processes this information and accepts (or rejects) the order. If the order is accepted, the vendor's computer indicates the acceptance and typically provides the customer with verification information, such as a confirmation number or order number, that the customer writes down on a piece of paper or prints out on a printer connected to the customers' local client computer.
If the customer is not sure of the product to be ordered, the customer can request information from the vendor's order processing software, which is then displayed on the customer's client computer as one or more screens of information provided over the network connection by the order processing software. The customer can then read through the displayed screens, or print them out to read the hard copies of the information for comparison with the customer's requirements and needs. If the customer is a business (e.g., wholesaler, distributor, value added reseller or VAR, original equipment manufacturer or OEM, or other business), then the customer can check or compare its own inventory, requests from its customers (e.g., its retail customers) and other information against the information provided by the vendor's computer to determine what products and configurations of those products to order from the vendor. In addition, the customer can use the ordering information (from a display screen or printout) and then enter (e.g., type in at a keyboard or copy and paste using a mouse) this information into an ordering application or other application (e.g., customer's inventory application) that the customer maintains at its own local computer.
In another conventional approach, a customer can log onto a vendor's web site over the Internet, and view information about products for sale at the web site provided by the vendor's order processing software from the vendor's web server. The customer can select products from displays on the web site for an order and can then submit the order through the web site. The web site then displays a confirmation number to the customer, who can print it out if desired.1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to an intake device of an internal combustion engine.
2. Description of the Related Art
In order to create a swirl motion in the combustion chamber when the engine is operating under a light load and to obtain a high volumetric efficiency when the engine is operating under a heavy load at a high speed, it is well known, to equip each cylinder in an engine with a pair of intake valves, and to arrange a fuel injection in an intake passage. The intake passage is divided into two branch intake passages at a position downstream of the fuel injector, and these branch intake passages are connected to the combustion chamber via the corresponding intake valves. A control valve which is closed when the engine is operating under a light load is arranged in one of the branch intake passages (See Japanese Unexamined Patent Publication (Kokai) No. 57-70914). In the above arrangement, when the engine is operating under a light load, and since the control valve is closed, air is fed into the combustion chamber from only one of the branch intake passages, thus creating a swirl motion in the combustion chamber. Conversely, when the engine is operating under a heavy load, and since the control valve is open, air is fed to the combustion chamber from both branch intake passages, and a high volumetric efficiency can be obtained. However, since the fuel injector is arranged upstream of the control valve, some of the fuel injected from the fuel injector when the control valve is closed adheres to the control valve. Therefore, since all of the fuel injected from the fuel injector is not instantaneously fed into the combustion chamber, a good accelerating operation cannot be obtained.
Also, since a swirl motion is created in the combustion chamber when the engine is operating under a light load, the burning velocity of the air-fuel mixture in the combustion chamber can be improved. However, in the above arrangement, ignitability is neglected.
Also, well known is an engine in which each cylinder is equipped with a pair of intake valves and a pair of independently arranged intake passages. A control valve which is closed when the engine is operating under a light load is arranged in one of the intake passages. The intake passages are interconnected via a connecting hole at a position downstream of the control valve, and the fuel injector is arranged in the connecting hole (See Japanese Unexamined Patent Publication No. 57-105534). In this engine, when the engine is operating under a heavy load, and since the control valve is open, air is fed to the combustion chamber from both intake passages, and a high volumetric efficiency can be obtained. In addition, since the fuel injector is arranged downstream of the control valve, there is no danger that fuel injected from the fuel injector will adhere to the control valve.
However, in this engine, since the intake passages are interconnected at a position downstream of the control valve, air is fed to the combustion chamber from both intake passages even if the control valve is closed when the engine is operating under a light load. As a result, the velocity of the air flowing into the combustion chamber is inevitably reduced, and, since it is difficult to create a strong swirl motion in the combustion chamber, it is impossible to sufficiently increase the burning velocity of the air-fuel mixture in the combustion chamber. In this engine, also ignitability is neglected.1. Field
The disclosed and claimed concept pertains generally to handheld electronic devices and, more particularly, to handheld electronic devices including a first input component and a separate second touch sensitive input component. The disclosed and claimed concept also pertains to methods of outputting the selection of input members of a handheld electronic device.
2. Description of the Related Art
Numerous types of handheld electronic devices are known. Examples of such handheld electronic devices include, for instance, personal data assistants (PDAs), handheld computers, two-way pagers, cellular telephones, and the like. Many handheld electronic devices also feature wireless communication capability, although many such handheld electronic devices are stand-alone devices that are functional without communication with other devices. Wireless handheld electronic devices are generally intended to be portable, and thus are of a relatively compact configuration in which keys and other input structures often perform multiple functions under certain circumstances or may otherwise have multiple aspects or features assigned thereto.
As a practical matter, the keys of a keypad can only be reduced to a certain small size before the keys become relatively unusable. In order to enable text input, however, a keypad must be capable of entering all twenty-six letters of the Roman alphabet, for instance, as well as appropriate punctuation and other symbols.
One way of providing numerous letters in a small space has been to provide a “reduced keyboard” in which multiple letters, symbols, and/or digits, and the like, are assigned to any given key. In order to enable a user to make use of the multiple letters, symbols, digits, and the like on any given key, numerous keystroke interpretation systems have been provided. For instance, a “multi-tap” system allows a user to substantially unambiguously specify a particular character on a key by pressing the same key a number of times equivalent to the position of the desired character on the key. For example, a telephone key includes the letters “ABC”. If the user desires to specify the letter “C”, then the user will press the key three times. While such multi-tap systems have been generally effective for their intended purposes, they nevertheless can require a relatively large number of key inputs compared with the number of characters that ultimately are output. Another example keystroke interpretation system is key chording, of which various types exist. For instance, a particular character can be entered by pressing two keys in succession or by pressing and holding a first key while pressing a second key. Still another keystroke interpretation system is a “press-and-hold/press-and-release” interpretation function in which a given key provides a first result if the key is pressed and immediately released, and provides a second result if the key is pressed and held for a short period of time.
Another keystroke interpretation system that has been employed is a software-based text disambiguation function. In such a system, a user typically presses keys to which one or more characters have been assigned, generally pressing each key one time for each desired letter, and the disambiguation software attempts to predict the intended input. Numerous different systems have been proposed. See, for example, U.S. Patent Application Publication Nos. 2006/0007120 and 2006/0007121 assigned to the same assignee as the instant application; and U.S. Pat. No. 5,953,541. For example, as a user enters keystrokes, the device provides output in the form of a default output and a number of variants from which a user can choose. The output is based largely upon the frequency, i.e., the likelihood that a user intended a particular output, but various features of the device provide additional variants that are not based solely on frequency and rather are provided by various logic structures resident on the device.
When the key and keypad sizes shrink because of the form factor on the handheld electronic device, typing error rate increases. Hence, as the size of keypads becomes smaller and smaller, the issue of multiple key presses becomes more and more important to keypad design. One of the reasons is that the user's thumb and fingers are simply too big for the relatively small sized keys. Therefore, it becomes more likely that the user accidentally hits a nearby key, or even several keys at the same time.
On some handheld electronic devices, a key adjacent to an activated key does not respond to stimuli until a set time lag has passed. This prevents unintended sequential pressing of adjacent keys on the keypad. This time lag is one method to reduce the error rate of rapid keying; however, this relatively short delay may impede on users who are intentionally typing adjacent keys in relatively quick succession.
There is room for improvement in handheld electronic devices.
There is also room for improvement in methods of outputting the selection of input members of a handheld electronic device.
Similar numerals refer to similar parts throughout the specification.The present invention relates in general to teleservice messages within a telecommunications network. More particularly, the present invention relates to reporting the capabilities and features of a mobile station within such a network.
There are many features defined in the mobile stations specifications, such as the ANSI-136 standard. Some of these features are optional while most of them are required per the standard. Each mobile station within a telecommunications network, such as the ANSI-136 network, supports a protocol version (PV) that defines the capability of the mobile station. The different PVs cover the different revisions and capability sets of the standard.
Different PVs support different items, with some items being xe2x80x9cmandatoryxe2x80x9d and some items being xe2x80x9coptionalxe2x80x9d. Typical features for PV0 and PV1 are shown in Table 1.
Typically, PVs are backward compatible, meaning that if a telephone is PV1, then it has all of the PV1 features as well as the PV0 features.
In order that the mobile network will know what revision of the standard that a mobile station supports, the mobile station provides its PV to the mobile network via an (air) interface message such as a registration message or the capability report. Typically, when a mobile station, such as a telephone, registers on a system, it provides its PV in a message to the system.
Wireless operators and infrastructure vendors need to know what capabilities are supported by the customer premises equipment (CPE), including the mobile station, in order to know what messages, physical channel capabilities, and features can be assigned and sent to the CPE. It is contemplated that each mobile station that is registered as a certain PV supports all of the mandatory features. However, many CPE vendors do not support all xe2x80x9cmandatoryxe2x80x9d capabilities of the standard, and the conventional, standardized capability report does not account for mandatory features, only optional features. Thus, the wireless operator and infrastructure vendor cannot be sure of what features and capabilities a mobile station may or may not support.
In order for a mobile station to indicate that it supports a particular PV, all mandatory items for that particular PV must be supported by the mobile station. However, in commercial practicality there are situations where a infrastructure vendor and a wireless operator may choose to provide support for one or more features in a PV prior to the ability to support all of the other mandatory features of the PV.
Conventionally, the base station sends a message to the mobile station requesting its capability. The mobile station responds with a list of the optional features that it supports. It is assumed that the mobile station supports all the required features. However, oftentimes not all the PV features, even the mandatory ones, are in the telephone. The conventional capability reporting services only allow indication of support for features defined in the standard as optional. They do not allow any indication from the mobile station to the infrastructure of support for standardized feature sets which are mandatory in a particular protocol version.
Also, in the ANSI-136 standard, the conventional capability report is a layer 3 message. The wireless operator is dependent on the infrastructure vendor to provide a conduit from the CPE to the wireless operator""s information database. This leads to development costs to the infrastructure vendor and the wireless operator.
The standard does support many optional capabilities. These optional capabilities are not subject to the requirement of the PVs but rather may be optionally implemented in any revision of the standard later than the revision of the optional capability. In order to know that these features are supported by the mobile station, the standard supports a reporting mechanism called a Capability Report and the Capability Update on the digital control channel (DCCH) and the digital traffic channel (DTC), respectively.
The Capability Report may be requested from the mobile station by the base station by a Capability Request flag on the DCCH. The Capability Update may be requested from the mobile station by the base station by sending a Capability Update Request on the forward DTC. Both of these services indicate the protocol and service capability of the mobile station.
There is a need to allow support for select mandatory features without the mobile station having to indicate complete support for a particular PV level. Therefore, there is a need to determine which features, both mandatory and optional, are implemented in a telephone, and which features are not.
The present invention is directed to a mobile station capability message and a system and method for generating a mobile station capability message. The mobile station capability message comprises data indicative of at least one mandatory feature supported by the mobile station. The capability storage message also can comprise data indicative of at least one optional feature supported by the mobile station. The features are each associated with a protocol version that is either the latest protocol version supported by the mobile station or an earlier protocol version. According to one aspect of the present invention, the features are part of the ANSI-136 standard.
An embodiment of the present invention comprises a system and method for generating a capability request message at a remote site, transmitting the capability request message to the mobile station, and generating a mobile station capability message responsive to the capability request message, the capability message comprising data indicative of at least one mandatory feature supported by the mobile station, the at least one mandatory feature being associated with a protocol version. The remote site is one of a base station, a mobile switching center, and a non-base station entity.
According to further aspects of the invention, the capability message is transmitted to the remote site from the mobile station, via an interface comprising, for example, point to point or broadcast mechanisms. The capability request message and the capability message can be part of respective ANSI-136 R-data messages.
According to other aspects of the invention, the capability message is stored in a storage device that can be accessed by the remote site, and receipt of the capability request message at the mobile station is acknowledged.
The foregoing and other aspects of the present invention will become apparent from the following detailed description of the invention when considered in conjunction with the accompanying drawings.Work machines, such as backhoes, are used in many industries, including the agricultural, construction, and forestry related industries. Typical work machines are employed for performing various heavy tasks, such as moving soil, and lifting and moving bales of hay, pallets, and other heavy items with a hydraulically actuated attachment, such as a bucket. In order to perform work using the attachment, hydraulic cylinders are employed, which are controlled by an operator using control devices, such as joystick levers. Generally, the hydraulic pump employed by work machines is driven by the work machine's engine, and thus, the amount of hydraulic flow deliverable by the hydraulic pump varies with the speed of the engine. In situations where the output of the pump falls below the amount of flow requested by the operator of the work machine, e.g., because engine speed selected by the operator is insufficient for the pump to generate the requested flow, operational difficulties may be encountered. For example instability of the hydraulic system may result, which may adversely affect hydraulic system load handling, and engine recovery and stability.
Hence, it is desirable to be able to control the hydraulic system of a work machine in a manner that promotes stable operation.This invention relates to a grease for constant velocity joints, in particular, a grease for constant velocity joints which has a good extreme pressure property, good durability and vibration inhibiting effect by adding organic molybdenum compound, antimonydialkyl dithiocarbamate (hereinunder referred as Sb-DTC), a zinc dithio phosphate and organic sulfur compound.
The conventionally used greases include greases containing sulfur-phosphorus extreme pressure agent and an extreme pressure grease containing molybdenum disulfide and these greases are in general used in lubricating parts where wears and fretting corrosions are easily caused by extreme pressure, such as constant velocity joints used in motorcars (C.V.J), universal joint, steer linkage, spline shaft gear, coupling in industrial machine, gear motor and transmission gear.
Greases for wear-inhibiting and extreme pressure composed of sulfur-phosphorus compound were disclosed in U.S. Pat. Nos. 4,466,895 and 3,322,802 and Japanese Patent Publication Soh 66-47099. In these greases, by using sulfur-phosphorus compound independently or in complex, the friction coefficient and extreme pressure were improved. But in order to increase the extreme pressure and decrease the friction coefficient high temperature, a comparatively large amount of additives are required to be used. Some problems remained unsolved such as thermal decomposition of grease by active sulfide derived from the decomposition of sulfur-phosphorus compound in causing high temperature, corrosion and aging by acidic compound.
Greases using organic molybdenum, were disclosed in U.S. Pat. Nos. 3,840,463, 4,466,901, 4,428,861, 3,400,140 and 4,208,292 which describes greases using organic molybdenum compound (Mo-DTP) independently of other extreme pressure additives. Further U.S. Pat. No. 3,509,051 disclosed a grease which is characterized in using polyurea thickener, organic molybdenum compound, especially molybdenum dialkyl dithiocarbamate (Mo-DTC) and organic zinc compound in mixed condition to the basic oil. However, with respect to the use of organic molybdenum independently, wear-resistance is increased owing to a decrease in the friction coefficient, and there is no synergistic effect between the organic molybdenum and other extreme pressure additives. And as there are limits in extreme pressure of molybdenum disulfide (MoS.sub.2) compound produced by the decomposition of organic molybdenum, in friction condition where extreme pressure property is greatly required, great heat radiation due to lubrication in friction area and great deal of wears like scoring caused.
And in case that a mixture of an organic molybdenum compound and an organic zinc compound (Zn-DTP) is used as with a lithium grease there is an increase in both, friction coefficient and wear-resistance. Though the critical temperature of lithium grease is 120.degree. C., particularly in flanging type constant velocity joints wherein the rolling friction and sliding friction simultaneously occur, the temperature the of surrounding area increases to over the maximum 120.degree. C. because the of impulse load and frictional heat caused by sliding friction. Furthermore, the thermal decomposition temperature of Mo-DTP and Zn-DTP is low therefore are readily decomposed at 120.degree. C. into molybdenum disulfide compound and some cause some detrimental side-effects such as corrosion, sludge and slight-corrosions remain unsolved.
Further Japanese Patent Publication Pyung 5-62639 disclosed a grease composition comprised of molybdenum a compound and sulfur compound, which improved oxidation stability, wear resistance and corrosion-inhibiting effects but failed to reduce the beating noise and vibrations.
Conventionally used greases do not infiltrate into the lubricating area well in bad lubrication conditions which can result in wear and wear vibrations. And in the parts where slight vibrations do occur, the oxide produced by initial corrosion accelerates the wear, and abnormal beating noise, and vibrations occur.
Therefore, the inventors have made efforts to solve the aforementioned problems and at last have succeeded invent a grease which is characterized in that the extreme pressure and the wear-resistance properties are greatly improved, using organic molybdenum, antimony dialkyl dithiocarbamate, zinc dithiophosphate and organic sulfide compound in mixed condition; sludge occurrence possibility is reduced by improving thermal stability of additives; infiltration into the lubricating area is made easy by low viscosity; and good durability is aquired when it applied to constant velocity joints.A self-organized network (SON) may provide mechanisms for self-configuration, self-discovery, and self-organization. Self-configuration and self-discovery enable network devices (e.g., managed nodes) of the SON to be transparent to ordinary users. Self-organization ensures robustness of the SON during dynamic network topology changes and link breakages. It also ensures optimal and efficient bandwidth utilization.
The SON operational and maintenance (OAM) architecture includes a domain manager and its managed nodes, an enterprise management system (EMS), etc. A managed node represents a radio base station (e.g., of a wireless network), home devices (e.g., Internet routers, television set-top boxes (STBs), etc.), etc.
Current SON OAM architectures have several disadvantages. For example, the EMS needs to track the addresses of all its managed nodes. The tracking may include registering Internet protocol (IP) addresses and/or port numbers associated with the managed nodes in a directory within or without the EMS. The tracking may also include registering managed node name and IP address/port number pairs associated with the managed nodes in a database within or without the EMS. Such tracking becomes a major task when the number of managed nodes increases and when the managed nodes become mobile (e.g., acquire new addresses). Furthermore, when the EMS wishes to provide a command and/or information to all its managed nodes, the EMS sends the command and/or information, via the domain manager, individually to each managed node (e.g., one method invocation per each managed node).The present invention relates generally to reclining chairs and, more particularly, to an improved "wall proximity" reclining chair.
Traditionally, reclining chairs are equipped with an actuation mechanism which is operatively interconnected between a prefabricated chair frame and a stationary base assembly. The actuation mechanism is typically a combination of various mechanical linkages operable for providing various comfort features such as independent reclining movement of a seat assembly as well as actuation of an extensible leg rest assembly and associated tilting of the chair frame. In "wall proximity" reclining chairs, the actuation mechanism must also be operable to maintain a generally constant clearance between the reclinable seat assembly and an adjacent stationary structure (i.e., wall surface, table, etc.) during the entire range of reclining movement. Generally, the actuation mechanism includes a track arrangement for causing longitudinal movement of the entire chair frame relative to the stationary base assembly during "wall proximity" reclining movement to accommodate for rearward angular movement of the seat back relative to the chair frame.
Due to the relative complexity of conventional actuation mechanisms, it is common practice in the furniture industry to assemble the various mechanical linkages into a "stand-alone" mechanism frame assembly. A prefabricated U-shaped chair frame is frequently bolted around the mechanism frame with the open portion of the "U" corresponding to the front of the chair. Accordingly, such reclining chairs having a mechanism frame assembly located within a prefabricated chair frame are commonly referred to as having a "frame within a frame" construction. As such, most furniture manufacturers do not upholster the exterior surfaces of the prefabricated chair frame until after the mechanism frame assembly has been installed. Unfortunately, the upholstering operation is very inefficient and expensive in that the frequently heavy and cumbersome prefabricated chair frame must be manually manipulated in an extremely labor-intensive manner.
Another disadvantage associated with reclining chairs equipped with conventional actuation mechanisms is that a relatively large amount of frictional drag is typically generated between the upholstered components which must be overcome for smooth movement of the seat assembly between the "upright" and "reclined" positions. As such, lighter weight seat occupants must normally exert a deliberate leveraged thrust or force, in addition to pulling the actuator lever, for completely extending a leg rest assembly and/or moving the seat assembly to its "reclined" position. Moreover, it is often difficult for the seat occupant to return the seat assembly to the "upright" position from the fully "reclined" position due to the relatively large included angle between the seat member and the reclined seat back. Therefore, the seat occupant must exert a relatively large and deliberate leveraged force to return the reclined seat assembly to its full "upright" position. Furthermore, in many conventional recliners, the leg rest assembly cannot be retracted to its "stowed" position from an extended or elevated position until after the seat occupant has completely returned the seat assembly to its fully "upright" position. Likewise, some reclining chairs do not permit independent actuation of the leg rest assembly during the entire range of reclining motion.
While many conventional reclining chairs operate satisfactorily, furniture manufacturers are continually striving to develop improved frames and actuation mechanisms for reducing system complexity and increasing structural soundness and smoothness of operation as well as occupant comfort. Such advanced development is particularly important for "wall proximity" reclining chairs since their actuation mechanisms are inherently more complex due to the requirement of accommodating rearward reclining movement of the seat back relative to a stationary structure. Furthermore, there is a continuing desire to develop improved fabrication and assembly techniques which will result in reduced costs while promoting increased efficiency and improved product quality.The invention is related to an electromagnetically actuatable fuel injection valve of the type used for internal combustion engines. A fuel injection valve, and a method for producing the fuel injection valve, are already known, but this valve is not suitable for use in low-pressure fuel injection systems, because, as a result of heating, when it is used in a motor vehicle there is an undesirable formation of vapor bubbles and insufficient preparation of the fuel to be injected. In this valve, the armature stroke is adjusted by the interposition of spacer discs of various thicknesses. This operating procedure, first, makes it difficult to automate manufacture; also, it is expensive and causes excessively large deviations in the quantities of fuel ejected at the various fuel injection valves.During the lifetime of a patient, it may be necessary to perform a joint replacement procedure on the patient as a result of, for example, disease or trauma. The joint replacement procedure may involve the use of a prosthesis that is implanted into one or more of the patient's bones. In the case of a knee replacement procedure, a tibial tray is implanted into the patient's tibia. A bearing is then secured to the tibial tray. The condyle surfaces of a replacement femoral component bear against the tibial bearing.
One type of knee prosthesis is a fixed-bearing knee prosthesis. As its name suggests, the bearing of a fixed-bearing knee prosthesis does not move relative to the tibial tray. Fixed-bearing designs are commonly used when the condition of the patient's soft tissue (i.e., knee ligaments) does not allow for the use of a knee prosthesis having a mobile bearing.
In contrast, in a mobile-bearing type of knee prosthesis, the bearing can move relative to the tibial tray. Mobile-bearing knee prostheses include so-called “rotating platform” knee prostheses, wherein the bearing can rotate about a longitudinal axis on the tibial tray.
Tibial trays are commonly made of a biocompatible metal, such as a cobalt chrome alloy or a titanium alloy.
For both fixed and mobile-bearing knee prostheses, the tibial trays may be designed to be cemented into place on the patient's tibia or alternatively may be designed for cementless fixation. Cemented fixation relies on mechanical bonds between the tibial tray and the cement as well as between the cement and the bone. Cementless implants generally have surface features that are conducive to bone ingrowth into the implant component and rely to a substantial part on this bony ingrowth for secondary fixation; primary fixation is achieved through the mechanical fit of the implant and the prepared bone.
Tibial components of both fixed and mobile-bearing and cemented and cementless knee arthroplasty systems are commonly modular components, comprising a tibial tray and a polymeric bearing carried by the tibial tray. The tibial trays commonly include features extending distally, such as pegs or stems. These extensions penetrate below the surface of the tibial plateau and stabilize the tibial tray component against movement. In cementless tibial implants, the outer surfaces of these extensions are typically porous to allow for bone ingrowth. For example, in the Zimmer Trabecular Metal Monoblock tibial trays, pegs with flat distal surfaces and hexagonal axial surfaces are formed completely of a porous metal. In such trays, bone ingrowth is likely to occur along all surfaces of the pegs, including the distal surfaces.
Femoral components of such knee prosthesis systems are also designed for either cemented or cementless fixation. For cemented fixation, the femoral component typically includes recesses or cement pockets. For cementless fixation, the femoral component is designed for primary fixation through a press-fit, and includes porous bone-engaging surfaces suitable for bone ingrowth. Both designs may include pegs designed to extend into prepared holes in the femur for stabilization of the implant.
On occasion, the primary knee prosthesis fails. Failure can result from many causes, including wear, aseptic loosening, osteolysis, ligamentous instability, arthrofibrosis and patellofemoral complications. When the failure is debilitating, revision surgery may be necessary. In a revision, the primary knee prosthesis (or parts of it) is removed and replaced with components of a revision prosthetic system.
When the tibial or femoral implant includes extensions (such as pegs or stems) that extend into the natural bone, a revision surgery usually requires a large resection of the bone in order to dislodge the extensions from the bone. This large resection not only complicates the surgery, it also requires removal of more of the patient's natural bone than is desirable. This removal of additional bone may further compromise the bone, increase the risk of onset of bone pathologies or abnormalities, or reduce the available healthy bone for fixation of the revision implant. Moreover, the large resection usually means that a larger orthopaedic implant is necessary to fill the space and restore the joint component to its expected geometry.
This difficulty in dislodging the primary implant components from the bones is worsened by the fact that bone also grows into the extensions. Severing these connections may be problematic since not all of these areas are easily accessible without resecting large amounts of bone.
In implants such as the Zimmer Trabecular Metal Monoblock tibia tray, some surfaces of the porous metal portion of the tibial tray may remain exposed above the tibial plateau after implantation. These exposed porous metal surfaces may be rough and may irritate the patient's soft tissue as the patient engages in normal day-to-day activities.
Similar issues may be presented in other types of joint prostheses.Radio frequency identification (RFID) technology provides an alternative to bar code reader technology for distinguishing and recording items for purchase. RFID may result in labor savings to retailers, since it may obsolete conventional methods of identifying items.
One proposed method of processing items with RFID labels is to read the RFID labels in batch. For example, the processing method would include reading RFID labels on items while the items remain in a shopping cart, palette, or packaging.
Technical limitations make this method of processing impractical. Numerous materials, including metals and liquids, can shield radio frequency (RF) energy. RFID labels can be damaged. Finally, RFID labels may be defective due to low yield rates.
Therefore, it would be desirable to provide a system and method of determining unprocessed items.In 2006, biopharmaceuticals, including monoclonal antibodies (mAbs) and other recombinant proteins, accounted for nearly half of all drugs in the development phase and a quarter of drugs in preclinical and clinical trials (Walsh, 2006, Nat Biotechnol 24:769-776). As the demand for biopharmaceuticals continues to increase, there is a commensurate need for better bioproduction vehicles. Although non-mammalian production systems, such as cultured Escherichia coli, yeast, plant and insect cell lines, often result in high yields, cultured mammalian host cell lines are preferred for production of many humanized proteins that require post-translational modifications to preserve their bioactivity.
Culturing cells in vitro, especially in large bioreactors, has been the basis of the production of numerous biotechnology products, and involves the elaboration by these cells of protein products into the support medium, from which these products are isolated and further processed prior to use clinically. The quantity of protein production over time from the cells growing in culture depends on a number of factors, such as, for example, cell density, cell cycle phase, cellular biosynthesis rates of the proteins, condition of the medium used to support cell viability and growth, and the longevity of the cells in culture (i.e., how long before they succumb to programmed cell death, or apoptosis). Various methods of improving the viability and lifespan of the cells in culture have been developed, together with methods of increasing productivity of a desired protein by, for example, controlling nutrients, cell density, oxygen and carbon dioxide content, lactate dehydrogenase, pH, osmolarity, catabolites, etc. For example, increasing cell density can make the process more productive, but can also reduce the lifespan of the cells in culture. Therefore, it may be desirous to reduce the rate of proliferation of such cells in culture when the maximal density is achieved, so as to maintain the cell population in its most productive state as long as possible. This results in increasing or extending the bioreactor cycle at its production peak, elaborating the desired protein products for a longer period, and this results in a higher yield from the bioreactor cycle.
Many different approaches have been pursued to increase the bioreactor cycle time, such as adjusting the medium supporting cell proliferation, addition of certain growth-promoting factors, as well as inhibiting cell proliferation without affecting protein synthesis. One particular approach aims to increase the lifespan of cultured cells via controlling the cell cycle by use of genes or antisense oligonucleotides to affect cell cycle targets, whereby a cell is induced into a pseudo-senescence stage by transfecting, transforming, or infecting with a vector that prevents cell cycle progression and induces a so-called pseudo-senescent state that blocks further cell division and expands the protein synthesis capacity of the cells in culture; in other words, the pseudo-senescent state can be induced by transfecting the cells with a vector expressing a cell cycle inhibitor (Bucciarelli et al., U.S. Patent Appl. 2002/0160450 A1; WO 02/16590 A2). The latter method, by inhibiting cell duplication, seeks to force cells into a state that may have prolonged cell culture lifetimes, as described by Goldstein and Singal (Exp Cell Res 88, 359-64, 1974; Brenner et al., Oncogene 17:199-205, 1998), and may be resistant to apoptosis (Chang et al., Proc Natl Acad Sci USA 97, 4291-6, 2000; Javeland et al., Oncogene 19, 61-8, 2000).
Still another approach involves establishing primary, diploid human cells or their derivatives with unlimited proliferation following transfection with the adenovirus E1 genes. The new cell lines, one of which is PER.C6 (ECACC deposit number 96022940), which expresses functional Ad5 E1A and E1B gene products, can produce recombinant adenoviruses, as well as other viruses (e.g., influenza, herpes simplex, rotavirus, measles) designed for gene therapy and vaccines, as well as for the production of recombinant therapeutic proteins, such as human growth factors and human antibodies (Vogels et al., WO 02/40665 A2).
Other approaches have focused on the use of caspase inhibitors for preventing or delaying apoptosis in cells. See, for example, U.S. Pat. No. 6,586,206. Still other approaches have tried to use apoptosis inhibitors such as members of the Bcl-2 family for preventing or delaying apoptosis in cells. See Arden et al., Bioprocessing Journal, 3:23-28 (2004). These approaches have yielded unpredictable results. For example, in one study, expression of Bcl-2 increased cell viability but did not increase protein production. (See Tey et al., Biotechnol. Bioeng. 68:31-43, 2000.) Another example disclosed overexpression of Bcl-2 proteins to delay apoptosis in CHO cells, but Bcl-xL increased protein production whereas Bcl-2 decreased protein production (see WO03/083093). A further example disclosed experiments using expression of Bcl-2 proteins to prolong the survival of Sp2/0-Ag14 (ATCC # CRL-1581, hereafter referred to as Sp2/0) cells in cultures. However, the cell density of the Bcl-2 expressing clones were 20 to 50% lower than that of their parental cultures, raising concerns for their practical application in biopharmaceutical industry (see WO03/040374; U.S. Pat. No. 6,964,199).
It is apparent, therefore, that improved host cells for high level expression of recombinant proteins and methods for reliably increasing recombinant protein production, in particular the production of antibodies and antibody fragments, multispecific antibodies, fragments and single-chain constructs, peptides, enzymes, growth factors, hormones, interleukins, interferons, and vaccines, in host cells are needed in the art. A need also exists for cell lines that are pre-adapted to grow in serum-free or serum-depleted medium, that can be transfected with expression vectors under serum free conditions and used for protein production without going through a lengthy adaptation period before serum-free growth and protein production.Modern electronic devices typically have user interfaces that include high-quality displays (e.g., color, greater than 300 ppi, and 800:1 contrast ratio). These electronic displays are found in numerous types of electronic devices such as include electronic book (“eBook”) readers, cellular telephones, smart phones, portable media players, tablet computers, wearable computers, laptop computers, netbooks, desktop computers, televisions, appliances, home electronics, automotive electronics, augmented reality devices, and so forth. Electronic displays may present various types of information, such as user interfaces, device operational status, digital content items, and the like, depending on the kind and purpose of the associated device. The appearance and quality of a display can affect the user's experience with the electronic device and the content presented thereon. Accordingly, finding ways to enhance user experience and satisfaction continues to be a priority.
Increased multimedia use imposes high demands on designs of display modules, as content available for mobile use becomes visually richer. In a liquid-crystal display (LCD), energy efficiency, among other things, can be determined by a backlight or frontlight design. Many conventional transmissive electronic displays use backlights that light up a display to enable a viewer to see content on the display that can otherwise be difficult to see without the backlights. In another example, conventional reflective displays use frontlights to improve visibility of content on displays, particularly in low light situations.
Electronic devices configured with backlights and/or frontlights can incorporate one or more light guides to direct light from a light source onto or through a display. In some applications, a light source can have a relatively small area, such as in the case of a light emitting diode (LED).1. Field of the Invention.
The present invention relates to a device for securing a game call securely in close proximity to the user's mouth both for convenience and safety. The game call holder is a band of resilient material, such as elastic, which is provided with at least two securing loops. The band is slid onto the upper arm of the user and a tubular game call is secured in the securing loops in a manner which places the mouthpiece of the call directly in front of the user's mouth when the user raises the arm, such as when sighting a gun or pulling back the string on a hunting bow.
2. Prior Art
The invention relates to the art of securing an air-operated game call in a safe and convenient position on a hunter's body. Game calls have long been used by hunters to attract particular animals into shooting range. Calls are also used by photographers, bird watchers and other sporting enthusiast. Of the several available game calls, air-powered calls of tube-like configuration are probably the easiest to use but do require the use of at least one hand to operate. This generally means that a hunter using a tube-like call will have not have both hands available to aim a gun or pull back a bow.
Safety is always a primary consideration when hunting. Generally, game calls are suspended by a lanyard about the hunter's neck. When the hunter desires to activate the call, the call is picked up and placed in the mouth. A safety problem occurs in this situation as the lanyard suspending the call is prone to snagging the hunter's gun or bow. Of particular concern is the entanglement of the lanyard with the string of a hunting bow immediately prior to release. Several documented hunting injuries have occurred when a game call lanyard has tangled with a hunter's rifle or bow.
A game call holder is disclosed in U.S. Pat. No. 5,111,981 which apparently allows a game call to be positioned on the user's shoulder thereby freeing up his or her hands. However, the referenced patent requires the user to turn his head to use the call. It is desirable to have a game call positioned so that the hunter can simultaneously sight her weapon and activate the game call. Further, the referenced patent has multiple components and will require the user to manipulate the holder into a comfortable and usable position. It is desirable to have a game call holder of simple design which is easy to use and which is durable and inexpensive.
Accordingly, it is the object of this invention to provide a game call holder which allows the game call to be positioned in close proximity to the user's mouth for simultaneous activation of the call and sighting of a weapon. The invention will allow hands-free operation of the call and will allow the user to focus on the animal and on aiming the weapon.
Another object of this invention is to provide a new and improved game call holder which allows safe and easy access to the game call while hunting by eliminating a lanyard, or other attachment means, and by positioning the call away from the weapon.
Yet another object of this invention is to provide a game call which is easy to use as it requires the user to place a resilient band over his or her upper arm and then fasten the game call in the securing loops provided. The invention eliminates any buckles, hook and loop fasteners, clips, snaps or buttons found in the prior art. Further, the invention will be durable and relatively inexpensive.1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to a microprocessor with a cache memory in which debugging operations are supported, and, in particular, to a microprocessor with a cache memory in which functions for implementing debugging operations are improved.
2. Description of the Background Art
Debugging operations are generally executed to debug in programming in a microprocessor applied system to develop the system.
In detail, a program stored in the system is actually executed before the debugging operations are executed. Thereafter, for example, pieces of data transmitted on an external bus connected to an external memory are monitored. The execution of the program is braked when arithmetic processing is advanced to a designated address or when designated conditions such as access to a piece of designated data are accomplished. After braking the execution of the program, contents of registers and memories are displayed. Also, instructions executed during the arithmetic processing are listed up. Therefore, an operator can debug the program stored in the program.
In this case, the system is generally provided with a plurality of microprocessors which are connected with a cache memory, an arithmetic unit and a control unit. In addition, the system is provided with an external memory connected with the microprocessors to store a large pieces of data, and external buses through which pieces of data, instructions or addresses are transmitted between the microprocessors and/or between the microprocessor and the external memory.
However, there are drawbacks to execute the debugging operations in cases where a program executed in a microprocessor with a cache memory is debugged.
That is, the debugging operations are initially executed according to normal operations.
In detail, in cases where a piece of data is stored at an address of the cache memory, an address hit occurs in the microprocessor when the address is accessed by the arithmetic unit during the execution of the program. Thereafter, under control of the control section, the data stored at the address is read out from the cache memory to utilize in the arithmetic unit or is rewritten to another piece of data which is made in the arithmetic unit. Therefore, an operation accessing to the external memory is not executed in the microprocessor. In other words, instructions or pieces of data transmitted between the cache memory and the arithmetic unit cannot be detected even though the operation accessed from the microprocessor to the external bus is monitored.
On the other hand, in cases where a piece of data is not stored at an address of the cache memory, a cache miss occurs in the microprocessor when the data is accessed by the arithmetic unit during the execution of the program. Thereafter, the data is fetched from the external memory through the external bus to store at the address of the cache memory.
The above debugging operations are executed in the same manner as the normal operations.
In this case, the data transmitted on the external bus is monitored by a data detector. Therefore, in cases where the arithmetic processing executed in the arithmetic unit is scheduled to be braked according to the debugging operations when a piece of data DA0 relating to the cache miss is fetched from the external memory, the data DA0 is detected when the data DA0 is transmitted on the external bus. This operation is one of the debugging operations and is not executed in the normal operation.
Accordingly, the arithmetic processing executed in the arithmetic unit can be braked to debug the program executed in the arithmetic unit.
However, it has been recently required to improve the speed of the arithmetic processing during the normal operation. Therefore, in cases where the cache miss occurs, a group of pieces of data is fetched in a block unit from the external memory to improve the speed of the arithmetic processing. The pieces of data fetched in a block unit are likely to be utilized in the arithmetic unit in serial order.
Therefore, as shown in FIG. 1, in cases where the arithmetic processing executed in the arithmetic unit is scheduled to be braked according to the debugging operations when a piece of data DA2 relating to the cache miss is fetched from the external memory, a data signal requiring a piece of data DA1 is, for example, transmitted to the external memory through an external bus when the data DA1 is accessed by the arithmetic unit in the microprocessor and a cache miss occurs. Thereafter, a group of sequential pieces of data DA1 to DA4 is fetched from the external memory into the cache memory in serial order. That is, the sequential pieces of data DA1 to DA4 are stored at addresses AD1 to AD4 of the cache memory. In this case, the data DA2 is not detected by a data detector because the data DA2 is not required by the data signal even though the data DA2 is fetched into the cache memory from the external memory.
Thereafter, the data DA1 stored at the address AD1 of the cache memory is read out from the cache memory to utilize for the arithmetic processing in the arithmetic unit. Thereafter, the data DA2 stored at the address AD2 of the cache memory is read out from the cache memory without the occurance of the cache miss.
Therefore, it is impossible to specify the data DA2 accessed by the arithmetic unit in the microprocessor even though data signals transmitted through the external bus are monitorred without monitorring a piece of data processed in the arithmetic unit.
Also, even though the data DA2 is detected by the data detector when the sequential pieces of data DA1 to DA4 are stored at addresses AD1 to AD4 of the cache memory, the data DA2 is not necessarily read out by the arithmetic unit after the data DA1 is read out by the arithmetic unit. Therefore, when the arithmetic processing is braked for the debugging operations, the program executed in the arithmetic unit is stopped at a step not relating to the data DA2.
As mentioned above, even though the arithmetic processing executed in the arithmetic unit is scheduled to be braked for the debugging operations when the data DA2 relating to the cache miss is read out from the cache memory to the arithmetic unit, it is impossible to specify the data DA2 because the sequential pieces of data including the data DA2 are fetched in a block unit.
Accordingly, the efficiency for specifying the data for the debugging operations deteriorates, and it is impossible to reliably specify which step is executed in the program.
Therefore, it is impossible to immediately brake the arithmetic processing according to an interruption operation of the debugging operations when the data DA2 relating to the cache miss is read out from the cache memory after the data DA2 is fetched from the external memory. That is, it is difficult to sufficiently execute the debugging operations.
On the other hand, there is another method that the microprocessor is operated according to simplified operations in which the cache memory is not used when the debugging operations are executed to prevent the efficiency for specifying the data DA2 from deteriorating.
However, the frequency that pieces of data are transmitted to the external bus according to the simplified operations is different from that in the normal operations in which the cache memory is used. In addition, the execution time of the program in the simplified operations is also different from that in the normal operations.
Therefore, there is a drawback that the debug operations cannot be efficiently executed while executing the normal operations.The present invention generally relates to an interface for direct data transfers and, in particular, relates to such an interface for effecting direct data transfers between an intelligent switch and a microcomputer.
The direct data transfer from the random-access-memory (RAM) of one microcomputer to the RAM of another microcomputer is known. Characteristically, such transfers are effected by means of known handshake signal techniques. Basically, the initiating microcomputer accesses the other to request control of the other microcomputers local bus. When the accessed microcomputer yields control of its local bus, the initiating microcomputer, now controlling the local buses of both devices proceeds to read or write to the accessed RAM and, when the data transfer is complete, signals the completion of the transfer. The accessed device then regains control of its local bus.
Usually, such data transfers are executed to effect the transfer of large amounts of data. The direct data transfer, also referred to as "direct memory access" (DMA) results in a substantial savings of computing time compared to, for example, a first-in-first-out data transfer.
However, also characteristically, the accessed microcomputer, after religuishing its local bus, can only service the accessing microcomputer. For example, if a read is being performed on the accessed device, the accessed device must wait until the completion of that process before executing a read or write itself or participating in a data transfer with another device. It is for this reason that DMA transfers are conventionally restricted to large data transfers.
Further, when accessed, a device provides one address to the accessing device. This address represents a single starting address which the accessing device uses as a starting address from which it will read or to which it will write. That is, only a single starting address is generated by an accessed device for the transfer of substantial blocks of data. Hence, the transfer of a complete block of data must be completed before another starting address is supplied, i.e., before the device can be accessed again.
Still another characteristic of conventional DMA transfers is the requirement that the RAM of the accessing microcomputer must be linked, literally, directly, i.e., without intermediate storage devices, to the RAM of the accessed device. But for this characteristic, the use of DMA transfers would become disadvantageous due to the added read/write steps necessary to carry data through any storage medium.
These characteristics, however, place severe constraints on many potential implementations of such a technique. Hence, the direct transfer of data between a microcomputer and devices such as, for example, an intelligent switch, has, heretofore, been impractical.1. Technical Field
The present invention relates to a super-wide-angle lens and an imaging apparatus, and more particularly to a super-wide-angle lens which can be used for a digital camera, a broadcasting camera, a movie camera, and the like; and an imaging apparatus including the super-wide-angle lens.
2. Description of the Related Art
In recent years, there is great demand for cameras in the above fields to have a small F-number which enables photography in dark places and to have high performance which can be compatible with recent high-definition imaging elements. Moreover, for example, some movie cameras and the like are provided with a mechanism for driving power focus of a focusing group (a lens group which moves while focusing) such as an autofocus mechanism and the like. As there are many opportunities to photograph subjects which are moving, there is demand for a lightweight focusing group and suppression of fluctuations in aberrations and fluctuations in the angle of view in order to have superior responsiveness to focusing when the distance to a subject is changed. Taking these circumstances into consideration, the inner focus lens system is often adopted. Examples of the inner focus lens system include the lens systems disclosed in Japanese Unexamined Patent Publication No. 2011-186269 and Japanese Unexamined Patent Publication No. 2011-028009.
In contrast, many wide angle type lenses for movie cameras are conventionally of the fixed focus type from the viewpoint of optical performance, and are often used by changing a plurality of lenses according to the intended application. For example, the lens disclosed in Japanese Unexamined Patent Publication No. 2000-056217 of a retrofocus type in which a negative first lens group, a positive second lens group, and a positive third lens group are arranged in this order from the object side is known as a wide angle lens.This invention relates to a header processing engine for processing packet headers.
Computer systems on modern data packet networks typically exchange data in accordance with several different protocols operating at all layers of the network—from protocols governing the quality of service of data streams, to protocols determining the logical construction of data packets, to protocols determining the physical signaling of fully-formed data packets onto the fabric of the network. A typical network data packet will therefore have multiple headers formed in a nested arrangement as the data packet is built up at a computer system. Often data packets will include one or more headers at each of layers 2 to 5 of the Open System Interconnection (OSI) model.
For example, a TCP/IP data packet transmitted over an Ethernet network over which a logical VLAN has been established might have a nested header structure similar to the following:                Ethernet/VLAN/IP/TCPAdditionally the packet could have layer 5 headers within the above structure, such as a NetBIOS header.        
The headers of a data packet tell a computer system handling the data packet all of the information it needs to know in order to correctly route the payload data of the data packet to its destination and to respond appropriately to the originator of the data packet. Without the packet headers the payload data is simply a series of bits without any context and a computer system would not know how to handle the data. On receiving a data packet a computer system must therefore process the headers of the data packet in order to determine what it is going to do with the data packet.
Generally, some of the header processing is done in software in the end system and some of the header processing is done in hardware. Software processing usually follows the model of a layered protocol stack, with successive headers being stripped and processed in turn. In contrast, hardware processing may process only some headers, or handle combinations of headers as a single entity, in order perform the required operations. Header processing at hardware can be particularly useful for routing packet data, accelerating packet delivery, or for manipulating the header of a packet.
Header processing in hardware is generally performed at a network interface device. As each data packet is received, the network interface device parses the headers of the data packet and performs such operations as: performing checksums, extracting data and looking up the intended destination of the data packet using the address data in the headers. The operations performed generally depend on the type of headers present in the data packet. Since multiple operations are typically required for each data packet and there can be millions of data packets arriving over a network at a computer system every second it is important to ensure that the headers are processed as efficiently and with as little latency as possible.
Conventional header processing hardware uses a dedicated processor to parse the headers in a data packet and perform the processing required for each header as the headers are identified. Such a processor can be efficient in terms of the number of operations the hardware is required to perform, but often waste processor cycles as the same processor executes each operation in the necessary order. For example, the processor must read header data from the packet buffer, identify the headers in each data packet, request look-up operations in forwarding tables at the network interface device, and make calls to hash calculation units at the network interface device. Furthermore, the instruction set of the processor must be large enough to support the range of operations the processor is expected to perform. This can lead to complex processors being used to perform what are in essence a series of repetitive simple operations. Such processors are power inefficient, which is a particular concern in network interface devices for use in blade servers and data farms.
Furthermore, implementing header processing in hardware or firmware using the classic layered protocol stack model is very inefficient, requiring hardware configured to constantly process chains of if-then-else logic over sequences of headers.
There is therefore a need for an improved header processing engine for a network interface device which addresses the above problems.Optical fibers and electrical wires are optically or electrically connected to respective opposing optical fibers and electrical wires to transmit signals between the respective connected fibers and wires, which may occur in the operation of data storage and transmission devices. Respective opposing optical fibers and electrical wires are held at their ends by connectors. To establish connections between respective opposing optical fibers and electrical wires, the respective opposing optical fibers and electrical wires are attached to each other or are both attached to adapters.
Connections between respective optical fiber connectors and electrical wire connectors, the electrical wire connectors and wires held thereby often being termed wiring harnesses, are often made using a click-to-lock configuration, as in the case of optical fiber “LC connectors.” This configuration prevents pullout of connectors when they are connected to each other or to a corresponding adapter and also provides a tactile feedback to alert a user attaching connectors to each other or to a corresponding adapter that a full connection in which pullout has been prevented has been made.
Sometimes, incomplete connections between connectors or between a connector and an adapter, which may be undetected by users, are made. Additionally, fatigue or other stresses induced through use of the connectors may weaken mechanical connections between connectors or between a connector and an adapter causing connections to be broken or inadequate. Such incomplete or broken connections have caused reduced system performance or even complete system failure.
Therefore, there exists a need for detecting that proper respective optical fiber and electrical wiring connections are made and maintained.This invention relates to four quadrant-loading article handlers and more particularly to a straddle-type loader wherein the operator station moves with the load.
As is known, industries are constantly faced with the problems of the lack of space for storage of industrial goods, parts, rolls, cases and the like. Since enclosing space for storage purposes has increasingly become more and more expensive, the trend has been to construct relatively high storage facilities to avoid lateral expansion which requires greater land use. Thus, the density of storage facilities has increased with minimum aisle space being provided. Thus, order-picker trucks are commonly used wherein the operator stands on the platform on the fork of the truck and the platform elevates to the desired height in the storage area. The articles are then manually moved either from the shelves or bins to the truck platform or from the truck platform to the storage shelves. This, of course, is a hazardous, time consuming and arduous process.
Prior art shows various approaches to the problem. U.S. Pat. No. 3,643,825 discloses a side-loading handling device which incorporates a carriage adapted to be moved at right angles to the prongs of the fork. A turntable is rotatably mounted on the carriage and includes a mast structure which, in turn, is provided with a carriage adapted to be moved vertically. The arrangement disclosed is, in effect, a double order-picker arrangement, each acting independently of the other to perform its function. U.S. Pat. No. 3,323,664 discloses a side-loading fork truck which includes an upright post or mast that is fixedly mounted on the truck body and supports a vertically movable carriage. A guide arrangement is mounted on the carriage for angular movement about a vertical axis. A load-handling fork is arranged on the frame for guided movement in a horizontal plane. U.S. Pat. No. 3,202,242 discloses a truck having a mast and a lifting carriage supported thereon. On the carriage, there is a turntable which is supported by the mast. On the turntable is a guide means for a horizontally movable carriage which supports a fork arrangement for reaching purposes. German Pat. No. 1,026,668 discloses a truck having a vertically movable mast adapted to carry a frame, the frame being mounted on the mast for transverse movement relative to the mast. A fork mechanism is carried by the frame for movement with it and for rotation and lateral movement.Gallium arsenates have been widely used in the manufacturing of communication and LED optical electronics products. Hydrogen arsenate gas is one of the compounds that chemical vapor deposition (CVD) process used. Wastewater containing soluble arsenic is generated due to waste gas wash by scrubbers. Currently, the conventional precipitation method is able to treat wastewater containing arsenic. However, it generates a large amount of hazardous sludge, which cannot be disposed of easily and economically; and a wastewater containing arsenic in excess of 10 mg/L, which is much higher than the regulated effluent concentration of 0.5 mg/L. It is, therefore, readily apparent that the development of an environmentally friendly method of treating the arsenic-containing wastewater is urgently called for.
U.S. Pat. No. 4,861,493 discloses a process for the removal of metals, in particular heavy metals, from the wastewater in the form of their sulfides by mixing the wastewater with a water-soluble sulfide. According to the invention the metal-containing wastewater is thoroughly mixed with the water-soluble sulfide at a suitable pH in a reactor of the fluidized bed type provided with an appropriate bed material, on which the metal sulfide crystallizes out, whereby the thus obtained bed material covered with crystalline metal sulfide is removed from the reactor and new bed material is added to the reactor from time to time. Usually as water-soluble sulfide, an alkali metal sulfide, alkali metal hydrogen sulfide, ammonium sulfide or ferrous sulfide is used, whereas the use of sodium sulfide, sodium hydrogen sulfide, potassium sulfide or potassium hydrogen sulfide is preferred. According to this prior art process, the following metals: Ni, Sr, Zn, Cu, Fe, Ag, Pb, Cd, Hg, Co, Mn, Te, Sn, In, Bi or Sb may be removed. However, only Hg was removed from water at a pH value of 4–10 as shown in the examples disclosed in this prior art.
U.S. Pat. No. 5,348,662 discloses a process of removing heavy metals (arsenic, tin and lead) from aqueous solutions (groundwater) by precipitation of a salt thereof, wherein an oxidizing agent (ozone, hydrogen peroxide, sulfuric acid, nitric acid or hydrochloric acid) is optionally used to increase the valence of said metal, and a precipitation-enhancing agent (calcium sulfate, arsenic trioxide, calcium arsenate or cupric oxide) is added to maximize particle size of the precipitate and to facilitate its separation from said solution. This prior art process will generate sludge with water content of 60–80%, which is not only bulky but also difficult to be resourced due to various contaminations contained therein.This invention relates generally to gas generant materials. More particularly, this invention relates to the manufacture of gas generant formulations such as may be suited for use in the inflation of automotive inflatable restraint airbag to cushions.
It is well known to protect a vehicle occupant using a cushion or bag, e.g., an xe2x80x9cairbag cushion,xe2x80x9d that is inflated or expanded with gas when the vehicle encounters sudden deceleration, such as in the event of a collision. In such systems, the airbag cushion is normally housed in an uninflated and folded condition to minimize space requirements. Upon actuation of the system, the cushion begins to be inflated, in a matter of no more than a few milliseconds, with gas produced or supplied by a device commonly referred to as an xe2x80x9cinflator.xe2x80x9d
While many types of inflator devices have been disclosed in the art for use in the inflating of one or more inflatable restraint system airbag cushions, inflator devices which rely on the combustion of a pyrotechnic, fuel and oxidizer combination or other form of gas generant to produce or at least in part form the inflation gas issuing forth therefrom have been commonly employed in conjunction with vehicular inflatable restraint airbag cushions.
Sodium azide has been a commonly accepted and used gas generating material. While the use of sodium azide and certain other azide-based gas generant materials meets current industry specifications, guidelines and standards, such use may involve or raise potential concerns such as involving one or more of the handling, supply and disposal of such materials.
The development of safe gas generant material alternatives to sodium azide for commercial application in inflatable restraint systems commonly involves the oftentimes conflicting goals or objectives of increasing the gas output of the gas generant material while reducing or minimizing the costs associated with the gas generant material, including the costs associated with ingredients and the processing thereof.
The incorporation and use of ammonium nitrate as an oxidizer in such gas generant formulations has been found to be one generally cost-effective approach for exceeding the current state of the art gas generant formulation gas yield of about three moles of gas per 100 grams of gas generant formulation. In particular, ammonium nitrate is relatively inexpensive and, when burned with guanidine nitrate fuel, generally combusts to all gaseous species resulting in gas yields approaching 4 moles of gas per 100 grams of material.
Unfortunately, the general incorporation and use of ammonium nitrate in pyrotechnic gas generant formulations has generally been subject to certain difficulties. For example, ammonium nitrate-containing pyrotechnic gas generant formulations have commonly been subject to one or more of the following shortcomings: low burn rates, burn rates exhibiting a high sensitivity to pressure, as well as to phase or other changes in crystalline structure such as may be associated with volumetric expansion of various forms of such formulations, such as may occur during temperature cycling over the normally expected or anticipated range of storage conditions, e.g., temperatures of about xe2x88x9240xc2x0 C. to about 110xc2x0 C. Such phase or structural changes may result in physical degradation of the form of the gas generant formulation such as when such gas generant formulation has been shaped or formed into tablets, wafers or other selected shape or form. Further, such changes, even when relatively minute, can strongly influence the physical properties of a corresponding gas generant material and, in turn, strongly affect the burn rate of the generant material. Unless checked, such changes in structure may result in such performance variations in the gas generant materials incorporating such ammonium nitrate as to render the gas generant material unacceptable for typical inflatable restraint system applications.
In view thereof, efforts have been directed to minimizing or eliminating such volume expansion during normal temperature cycling and the effects thereof. In particular, it has been found that the incorporation of a minimum of about 15 wt. % (based on total oxidizer content) of a transition metal diammine dinitrate such as copper diammine dinitrate, nickel diammine dinitrate or zinc diammine dinitrate, for example, in ammonium nitrate, may serve to phase stabilize the mixture and minimize or eliminate volumetric expansion during normal temperature cycling associated with such inflatable restraint applications. Further, ammonium nitrate stabilized with such transition metal diammine dinitrates are typically advantageously less hygroscopic than ammonium nitrate phase stabilized by other methods and the use of such transition metal diammine dinitrates has also been found to result in combustion products which form a more easily filterable clinker.
Ammonium nitrate phase stabilization via the incorporation of such transition metal diammine dinitrates, however, is typically at the cost of an associated reduction in gas yield. For example, the gas yield of a typical formulation containing guanidine nitrate, silicon dioxide (5 wt. %) and ammonium nitrate stabilized with 15 wt. % (based on total oxidizer) of such transition metal diammine dinitrate is about 3.8 moles of gas per 100 grams of gas generant material.
The gas generant formulation incorporation of such transition metal diammine dinitrates at levels greater than 15 wt. % (of the total oxidizer) has been found to increase burn rate and reduce pressure sensitivity of a corresponding gas generant formulation to levels realistic for typical inflatable restraint system applications. The maximum effect on burn rate has been found to generally occur when 100% of the oxidizer is composed of the transition metal diammine dinitrate. The gas yield of a typical formulation containing guanidine nitrate, silicon dioxide (5 wt. %) and such transition metal diammine dinitrate as 100% of the oxidizer is about 3.3 moles of gas per 100 grams of gas generant material, well above the current state of the art gas generant formulation gas yield of about 3 moles of gas per 100 grams of gas generant formulation.
A traditional method of incorporating such a transition metal diammine dinitrate into ammonium nitrate is to react the corresponding metal oxide with ammonium nitrate. For example, for the incorporation of copper diammine dinitrate, cupric oxide and ammonium nitrate can be reacted according to the following reaction:
CuO+2NH4NO3xe2x86x92Cu(NH3)2(NO3)2+H2Oxe2x80x83xe2x80x83(1)
This reaction occurs at elevated temperatures (e.g., in excess of 140xc2x0 C.) in either a solid state reaction or in an ammonium nitrate melt. The rate of such a solid state reaction is temperature dependent and under normal processing conditions (a processing temperature of about 170xc2x0 C.), such reaction typically requires, dependent on the rate of heat transfer achieved, about 30 minutes to 2 hours to complete. As will be appreciated, such extended processing times typically can render such processing regimes commercially unattractive or not feasible. Further, the conducting of such reaction in an ammonium nitrate melt generally requires specialized equipment since the material would normally have to be melted, reacted, and cooled, returning to a solid form, while simultaneously being granulated. In the case of either such solid state or melt processing regimes, the temperature required to perform such reactions is only about 20xc2x0 C. to about 30xc2x0 C. below the temperature at which such corresponding pyrotechnic formulations may begin to decompose. Thus, such processing may not afford a thermal safety margin as sufficiently large as may be desired, particularly for large scale applications. Further, such high temperature heat treatments can constitute an added processing step that may detrimentally affect process economics.
Thus, there has been a need and a demand for a method of making a gas generant formulation which contains a transition metal diammine dinitrate which desirably avoids such high temperature processing. In particular, there has been a need and a demand for a method of making such a gas generant formulation and which can desirably be implemented within typical or existing processing equipment and such as may be accomplished over a relatively short time period, such as may be desired in a typical commercial application.
To that end, the above-identified prior U.S. patent application Ser. No. 09/454,041 discloses an improved method of making a gas generant formulation which contains a transition metal diammine dinitrate. In accordance with one preferred embodiment disclosed therein, such a method includes the steps of:
combining at least a nitrate of at least one transition metal with an ammonia source in an aqueous slurry to form a corresponding reaction mixture;
forming a spray dryable precursor to the gas generant formulation, the precursor comprising the aqueous slurry reaction mixture, a gas generant formulation fuel component and a sufficient quantity of water to render the precursor spray dryable; and
spray drying the precursor to form a gas generant powder containing a diammine dinitrate of the at least one transition metal.
In particular, an appropriate metal nitrate (such as cupric nitrate) can be reacted with an appropriate ammonia source (such as ammonium bicarbonate, ammonium carbonate or ammonium carbamate) in a concentrated water solution to form a desired metal diammine dinitrate.
In addition, there is a need and a demand for a method of making ammonium nitrate phase stabilized via the presence of a selected metal diammine dinitrate and which method avoids undesirably high processing temperatures, i.e., processing temperatures which are undesirably near the decomposition temperature of ammonium nitrate, and which avoids isolation of metal tetrammine nitrate complexes such as may raise shipping and handling concerns.
To that end, the above-identified prior U.S. patent application Ser. No. 09/454,958 discloses a method of making phase stabilized ammonium nitrate which includes drying and heat treating an aqueous slurry containing ammonium nitrate and a combination of at least one transition metal nitrate and an ammonia source to form a phase stabilized ammonium nitrate. In the slurry, the ammonia source is present in at least a stoichiometric amount relative to the at least one transition metal nitrate for formation of a corresponding transition metal diammine dinitrate.
While such methods of making a gas generant formulation which contains a transition metal diammine dinitrate and such methods of making phase stabilized ammonium nitrate may desirably reduce the equipment and processing costs associated with the production and supply of the respective gas generant formulations and phase stabilized ammonium nitrate, there is a continuing need and demand for alternative processing schemes for the production and supply of gas generant formulations which contain such transition metal diammine dinitrate and for ammonium nitrate phase stabilized via the inclusion of a suitable phase stabilizing amount or proportion of a desired metal diammine dinitrate. In particular, there is a need and a demand for alternative such processing schemes such as may permit the use of alternative, potentially lower cost, raw materials, preferably without significantly detrimentally impacting the processing costs associated therewith.
A general object of one aspect of the invention is to provide an improved method of making a gas generant formulation which contains a transition metal diammine dinitrate.
A general object of another aspect of the invention is to provide an improved method of making phase stabilized ammonium nitrate as well as an improved resulting phase stabilized ammonium nitrate.
A more specific objective of the invention is to overcome one or more of the problems described above.
The general object of at least one aspect of the invention can be attained, at least in part, through a method which includes the steps of:
combining at least an ammine carbonate of at least one transition metal with nitric acid in the presence of water to form a corresponding reaction mixture;
forming a spray dryable precursor to the gas generant formulation, the precursor comprising the reaction mixture, a gas generant formulation fuel component and a sufficient quantity of water to render the precursor spray dryable; and
spray drying the precursor to form a gas generant powder containing a diammine dinitrate of the at least one transition metal.
As detailed below, certain preferred embodiments of the invention may also include a relatively mild heat treatment of the processed material, either as a part of the spray drying or subsequent to such spray drying.
The prior art generally fails to provide a method of making a gas generant formulation which contains a transition metal diammine dinitrate which method while desirably avoiding high temperature processing such as processing at temperatures undesirably near the decomposition temperature of corresponding pyrotechnic formulations and which method can desirably be implemented within typical or existing processing equipment and/or within relatively short processing time periods further utilizes or permits the use of alternative raw materials such as may reduce either or both material or processing costs.
The invention further comprehends a method of making a gas generant formulation which contains a gas generant fuel component and an oxidizer component comprising at least one transition metal diammine dinitrate selected from the group consisting of copper diammine dinitrate, zinc diammine dinitrate and combinations thereof. In accordance with one preferred embodiment, such method includes the steps of:
combining an ammine carbonate of at least one transition metal elected from the group consisting of copper, zinc and mixtures thereof with nitric acid in the presence of water and in relative amounts to form a corresponding reaction mixture containing nitric acid in no more than a stoichiometric amount for reaction of the ammine carbonate and the nitric acid to form a corresponding diammine dinitrate;
forming a precursor to a spray dryable gas generant formulation, the precursor comprising the aqueous reaction mixture, additional gas generant formulation components including at least one gas generating fuel material and at least one performance additive selected from the group of aluminum oxide, silicon dioxide and combinations thereof, and a sufficient quantity of water to form a spray dryable gas generant formulation precursor slurry; and
spray drying the gas generant formulation precursor slurry to form a gas generant powder; and
heating the gas generant powder to a temperature in the range of about 125xc2x0 C. to about 135xc2x0 C. to form a gas generant formulation which contains a gas generant fuel component and an oxidizer component comprising a diammine dinitrate of the at least one transition metal.
In accordance with still another embodiment of the invention, a method of making a gas generant formulation which contains a gas generant fuel component and an oxidizer component including at least one transition metal diammine dinitrate selected from the group of copper diammine dinitrate, zinc diammine dinitrate and combinations thereof is provided. Such method includes the step of combining a quantity of at least one ammine carbonate of a transition metal elected from the group consisting of copper, zinc and mixtures thereof with a quantity of nitric acid in the presence of water to form a corresponding reaction mixture. In such reaction mixture, the quantity of the transition metal ammine carbonate and the quantity of nitric acid are in relative amounts sufficient such that the reaction mixture contains no free nitric acid after reaction of the at least one ammine carbonate with the nitric acid.
A precursor to a spray dryable gas generant formulation is formed. The precursor includes the reaction mixture, additional gas generant formulation components including at least one gas generating fuel material and at least one performance additive, and a sufficient quantity of water to form a spray dryable gas generant formulation precursor slurry. In particular, the at least one gas generating fuel material can desirably be selected from the group consisting of oxygenated nitrogen-containing organic compounds, organic compounds with a high nitrogen content, complexes of at least one transition metal and combinations thereof. The at least one gas generating fuel is included in the precursor in an amount sufficient that about 20 wt. % to about 70 wt. % of the gas generant formulation constitutes such fuel material. The at least one performance additive is preferably selected from the group of aluminum oxide, silicon dioxide and combinations thereof. More particularly, the precursor contains between about 30 wt. % to about 35 wt. % water.
The gas generant formulation precursor slurry is subsequently spray dried to form a gas generant powder. The gas generant powder in turn is heated to a temperature in the range of about 125xc2x0 C. to about 135xc2x0 C. to form a heat treated gas generant powder which contains about 30 wt. % to about 60 wt. % of an oxidizer component, wherein the transition metal diammine dinitrate constitutes about 15 wt. % to about 100 wt. % of the oxidizer component.
Another aspect of the invention relates to a method of making a phase stabilized ammonium nitrate. In accordance with one embodiment of the invention, such method includes drying and heat treating an aqueous slurry containing ammonium nitrate and a combination of at least one transition metal ammine carbonate and nitric acid to form a phase stabilized ammonium nitrate. In the slurry, the nitric acid is present in more than a stoichiometric amount relative to the at least one transition metal ammine carbonate for formation of the a corresponding transition metal diammine dinitrate.
The invention, in accordance with another alternative preferred embodiment of the invention, still further comprehends a phase stabilized ammonium nitrate. In particular, such phase stabilized ammonium nitrate is desirably made by drying and heat treating an aqueous slurry containing ammonium nitrate and a combination of at least one transition metal ammine carbonate and nitric acid, present in no more than a stoichiometric amount relative to the at least one transition metal ammine carbonate for formation of a corresponding transition metal diammine dinitrate.
Other objects and advantages will be apparent to those skilled in the art from the following detailed description taken in conjunction with the appended claims.
The present invention provides an improved method of making a gas generant formulation. In particular, the invention provides an improved method of making a gas generant material which contains a transition metal diammine dinitrate and which such gas generant material may desirably be used in the inflation of inflatable devices such as vehicle occupant restraint airbag cushions.
Gas generant materials and formulations prepared in accordance with the invention typically include an oxidizer component including, at least in part, a transition metal diammine nitrate oxidizer material, a gas generating fuel component and, if desired, at least one performance additive such as in the form of a metal oxide such as added to improve either or both slag formation or burn rate properties or qualitites. For example, such improved slag formation can be useful in either or both facilitating retention within an inflator device of certain combustion reaction products whose presence in airbag cushion inflation fluids is generally undesired and providing or resulting in a generally more uniform flow of inflation fluid from such an inflator device. Burn rate property or quality improvements realizable through such additive inclusion include such resulting gas generant materials or formulations exhibiting improved or increased burn rates.
In accordance with certain preferred embodiments of the invention, between about 30 wt. % and about 60 wt. % of the subject gas generant material constitutes such an oxidizer component. In particular, gas generant materials and formulations in accordance with the invention advantageously contain an oxidizer component of which at least 15 wt. % up to about 100 wt. % is composed of a transition metal diammine nitrate oxidizer material, prepared as described herein. Preferred transition metal diammine nitrate oxidizer materials for use in the practice of the invention include copper diammine dinitrate, zinc diammine dinitrate and combinations thereof. If desired, the balance of the oxidizer component of the subject gas generant materials may constitute a suitable supplemental oxidizer material, such as ammonium nitrate in accordance with one preferred embodiment of the invention.
In accordance with a preferred practice of the invention, such transition metal diammine nitrate oxidizer materials are preferably formed during processing in a manner such as avoids or eliminates the need for subsequent high temperature treatment undesirably near the decomposition temperature associated with the such corresponding pyrotechnic formulations. Further, practice of the invention desirably avoids extended durations of heating, such as may be associated with at least certain prior art techniques.
As disclosed in the prior pending patent application Ser. No. 09/454,041 identified above, such transition metal diammine dinitrates, such as where the transition metal is selected from the group consisting of copper, nickel, zinc and combinations thereof, have been found to be advantageously formed during a process in which the corresponding transition metal nitrate is combined with an ammonia source in an aqueous slurry such as to form a reaction mixture and which reaction mixture is processed as described herein.
In particular, the metal nitrate can desirably be combined with a stoichiometric amount or more of ammonia from one or more of the following sources: ammonium bicarbonate, ammonium carbonate, ammonium carbamate, ammonium hydroxide, anhydrous ammonia or mixtures thereof, relative to the corresponding metal diammine dinitrate such as in accordance with the following reactions relative to the formation of copper diammine dinitrate:
a) via ammonium bicarbonate,
Cu(NO3)2xc2x72.5H2O+2NH4HCO3xe2x86x92Cu(NH3)2(NO3)2+2CO2+4.5H2Oxe2x80x83xe2x80x83(2)
b) via ammonium carbonate,
Cu(NO3)2xc2x72.5H2O+(NH4)2CO3xe2x86x92Cu(NH3)2(NO3)2+CO2+3.5H2Oxe2x80x83xe2x80x83(3)
c) via ammonium carbamate,
Cu(NO3)2xc2x72.5H2O+NH2CO2NH4xe2x86x92Cu(NH3)2(NO3)2+CO2+2.5H2Oxe2x80x83xe2x80x83(4)
d) via ammonium hydroxide,
Cu(NO3)2xc2x72.5H2O+2NH4OHxe2x86x92Cu(NH3)2(NO3)2+4.5H2Oxe2x80x83xe2x80x83(5)
e) via anhydrous ammonia,
Cu(NO3)2xc2x72.5H2O+2NH3xe2x86x92Cu(NH3)2(NO3)2+2.5H2Oxe2x80x83xe2x80x83(6)
In accordance with a particularly preferred practice of such embodiment, such reaction mixtures desirably provide or result in at least two moles of ammonia per mole of metal provided by the metal nitrate. Further, while the reactions (2)-(6) have been shown above employing cupric nitrate in the 2.5-hydrate form, the broader practice of the invention is not necessarily limited by the particular hydrate form of the ingredients. For example, similar reactions can be shown employing cupric nitrate trihydrate.
Now, in a new embodiment, such metal diammine dinitrates, such as where the metal is a transition metal selected from the group consisting of copper, zinc and combinations thereof, have been found to be advantageously formed during a process in which the corresponding transition metal ammine carbonate is combined with nitric acid in the presence of water to form a corresponding reaction mixture and which reaction mixture is subsequently processed as described herein.
In particular, the metal ammine carbonate can desirably be combined with a stoichiometric amount or more of nitric acid, relative to the corresponding metal diammine dinitrate such as in accordance with the following reactions relative to the formation of copper diammine dinitrate:
Cu(NH3)2CO3+2HNO3xe2x86x92Cu(NH3)2(NO3)2+CO2+H2Oxe2x80x83xe2x80x83(7)
In accordance with a particularly preferred practice of such embodiment, such reaction mixtures desirably provide or result in at least two moles of nitrate per mole of metal provided by the metal ammine carbonate.
As will be appreciated, copper diammine carbonate (CDC) can be relatively easily prepared by dissolving copper metal in ammonium hydroxide and bubbling carbon dioxide through the resulting mixture. The CDC precipitates from the mixture and can be isolated and purified. Further, nitric acid is a relatively low cost chemical, readily available on the open market. Thus, at current chemical costs, the raw material costs for copper diammine dinitrate production via such a CDC/nitric acid method is about 20% less than the raw material costs associated with copper diammine dinitrate production via the cupric nitrate/ammonium carbonate method described above, with the labor and equipment costs for both methods being about the same.
In accordance with certain preferred embodiments of the invention, between about 20 wt. % and about 70 wt. % of the subject gas generant material constitutes such a gas generating fuel component. Preferred fuel materials for use in the practice of the invention are non-azide in nature. Groups or categories of fuels useful in the practice of the invention include one or more various oxygenated nitrogen-containing organic compounds, one or more organic compounds with a high nitrogen content, and one or more complexes of at least one transition metal. Specific examples of oxygenated nitrogen-containing organic compounds useful in the practice of the invention include guanidine nitrate, aminoguanidine nitrate, triaminoguanidine nitrate, nitroguanidine, nitrotriazalone and mixtures thereof. Specific examples of organic compounds with a high nitrogen content useful in the practice of the invention include dicyandiamide, triazalone, tetrazoles, triazoles and mixtures thereof. Specific examples of transition metal complexes useful in the practice of the invention include transition metal complexes of tetrazoles and triazoles, transition metal nitrate complexes of nitrogen containing organic compounds and mixtures thereof. In particular, such complexes of transition metals such as copper, cobalt, and zinc, for example, can be used. As will be appreciated, the gas generating fuel component of particular gas generant compositions in accordance with the invention may be comprised of individual such fuel materials or combinations thereof.
Gas generant materials or formulations prepared in accordance with the invention may additionally desirably contain one or more performance additives such as in the form of a metal oxide such as added to improve either or both slag formation or burn rate properties or qualitites. Particular examples of suitable such performance additives are aluminum oxide and silicon dioxide. In practice, such additives may desirably be included in relative amounts of between about 2 wt. % and about 10 wt. % of the gas generant formulation. The incorporation and use of such silicon and aluminum oxide materials are particularly effective in facilitating the production of a slag material which is relatively easily filtered from the gas stream of an airbag inflator.
In accordance with the invention, such gas generant formulations can desirably be made via a method which includes combining a transition metal nitrate with an ammonia source in an aqueous slurry or, alternatively, combining a transition metal ammine carbonate with nitric acid in the presence of water, such as to form a corresponding reaction mixture, such as described above, and forming a spray dryable precursor to the gas generant formulation, the precursor including the reaction mixture, desired additional gas generant formulation components including at least a gas generating fuel and a sufficient quantity of water to render the precursor spray dryable. While the broader practice of the invention is not limited by the specific amount of water added during such processing, it has been found generally desirable that water be added in sufficient quantity that the spray dryable gas generant formulation precursor slurry contains between about 30 wt. % and about 35 wt. % water.
It will be appreciated that various processing arrangements are available whereby such a spray dryable precursor can be formed or arrived at. For example, in accordance with one embodiment of the invention, such spray dryable precursor is formed via the above-identified aqueous slurry reaction mixture being prepared such as to contain the desired quantity of water to render the precursor spray dryable.
Alternatively, an additional quantity of water may be required to be added to the aqueous slurry reaction mixture to render a spray dryable precursor.
In accordance with one preferred practice of the invention, it is generally desirable that additional gas generant formulation components such as either or both a gas generating fuel material and, if used, a performance additive, such as described above, be added to the above-identified aqueous slurry reaction mixture, such as after completion of reaction of the combined transition metal ammine carbonate and nitric acid, such as evidenced by the completion of the evolution of carbon dioxide therefrom. Such post-reaction addition is generally preferred as the possibility of undesired reaction between one or more of such additional gas generant formulation components, either alone or in combination with either or both the transition metal ammine carbonate and nitric acid can accordingly be avoided or limited.
The spray dryable precursor can then be appropriately spray dried, in a manner such as is known in the art and so as to form a gas generant powder containing a diammine dinitrate of the at least one transition metal.
Following such spray drying and as detailed below in the examples, a relatively minor or mild heat treatment (i.e., heating of the material to a temperature of no more than about 135xc2x0 C., e.g., a temperature of approximately 125-130xc2x0 C. and holding the heated material at that temperature for a duration of at least approximately 5 minutes) of the material resulting upon such spray drying, may be desired or required in order to ensure or complete conversion of the transition metal species to the desired transition metal diammine dinitrate and such has been found to remain in a stable form.
The application of more severe heat treatment processing (i.e., processing involving either or both heating the material to a higher temperature, such as a temperature in excess of or greater than 135xc2x0 C., or for significantly longer periods of time, such as for durations of 10 minutes or more) is generally not preferred or desired. In particular, such more severe heat treatment processing generally has associated therewith correspondingly higher processing costs without necessarily providing or resulting in concomitant processing or product benefits or improvements.
Those skilled in the art and guided by the teachings herein provided will appreciate that post-spray dry heating can desirably be avoided where, for example, sufficient heat treatment is achieved or realized during the drying process. Alternatively, however, such heating can be relatively easily implemented into a processing scheme such as via in-line fluid bed dryers such as may be incorporated between a spray-dry tower and an associated collection bin, for example. In either case, such heat treatment is generally either or both at significantly lower processing temperatures or for significantly shorter durations than associated with prior art processing techniques.
The resulting gas generant powder can be appropriately processed or shaped, such as by being tableted or wafered, for example and is generally known in the art, and such as may be desired for particular applications of such a gas generant formulation.
While the invention has been described above with reference to the making or processing of gas generant formulations which contain a transition metal diammine dinitrate, it will be appreciated that the invention can, if desired, be applied to the making or processing of phase stabilized ammonium nitrate. In particular, the invention can be applied to provide a method of making a phase stabilized ammonium nitrate such as may desirably be used in gas generant formulations such as used in the inflation of inflatable devices such as vehicle occupant restraint airbag cushions.
In accordance with this aspect of the invention, a metal ammine carbonate, particularly a transition metal ammine carbonate, such as described above, is combined with nitric acid, the nitric acid present in no more than a stoichiometric amount relative to the at least one transition metal ammine carbonate for formation of the a corresponding transition metal diammine dinitrate, to form a first precursor.
In accordance with one preferred embodiment of the invention, a second precursor to the phase stabilized ammonium nitrate is formed to contain the first precursor and ammonium nitrate. As further detailed below, such second precursor desirably is in the form of a slurry, e.g., an aqueous slurry. As will be appreciated by those skilled in the art and guided by the teachings herein provided, such precursor can be arrived at by various techniques or specific processing steps without deviating from the general principles and guidelines herein provided. For example, in accordance with one embodiment of the invention, the ammonium nitrate in the xe2x80x9csecond precursorxe2x80x9d or a desired portion thereof may be added to the first precursor material, prepared as described above. In accordance with an alternative preferred embodiment of the invention, the ammonium nitrate or a desired portion thereof may simply be added to or included in the aqueous slurry from which the first precursor, as described above, is formed or produced. In particular, the presence of ammonium nitrate in such slurry mix is believed to advantageously serve to stabilize such metal diammine dinitrate or various related forms such as may be formed therein from subsequent, undesired reactions, for example, from subsequent hydrolysis reaction.
This precursor slurry is, in turn, dried and heated to form a phase stabilized ammonium nitrate. In particular, such phase stabilized ammonium nitrate desirably contains a phase stabilizing quantity or relative proportion of the diammine dinitrate of the transition metal of the nitrate used above. In practice, the relative proportion of such transition metal diammine dinitrate required to be present in ammonium nitrate to effect desired phase stabilization will typically vary dependent on the particular application and conditions of operation. In general, however, such phase stabilizing quantity or proportion of transition metal diammine dinitrate typically constitutes the transition metal diammine dinitrate being present in the ammonium nitrate in a relative amount of at least about 1 wt. %, preferably at least about 10 wt. % and, most preferably, at least about 15 wt. %. For example, in typical vehicle occupant inflatable restraint system applications, the inclusion of at least about 15 wt. % of such transition metal diammine dinitrate in ammonium nitrate is generally desired to achieve a desired level of ammonium nitrate phase stabilization such as may avoid unacceptable performance variations in corresponding gas generant materials as such as would otherwise render such gas generant materials unacceptable for typical inflatable restraint system applications.
In particular, such drying treatment can be variously accomplished, as those skilled in the art and guided by the teachings herein provided will appreciate. For example, tray drying such as involving the use of a vacuum or convection oven, for example, can be used. In a preferred embodiment of the invention, such precursor slurry is desirably spray dried such as to form a precursor to the phase stabilized ammonium nitrate and which precursor desirably has the form of a powder. As will be appreciated, spray drying may advantageously provide or result in high processing throughputs while avoiding subjecting the treated materials to elevated temperatures for prolonged periods of time.
Following such spray drying and as described above, a relatively minor or mild heat treatment (i.e., heating of the material to a temperature of no more than about 135xc2x0 C., e.g., a temperature of approximately 125-130xc2x0 C. and holding the heated material at that temperature for a duration of at least approximately 5 minutes) of the material resulting upon such spray drying, may be desired or required in order to ensure or complete conversion of the transition metal species to the desired transition metal diammine dinitrate and such has been found to remain in a stable form. As will be appreciated, such subsequent heat treatment can desirably be accomplished in a solid state, thus desirably simplifying processing and handling, for example.
In accordance with one preferred embodiment of the invention, such drying and heating can desirably be conducted or accomplished in a single processing step such as where sufficient heat treating of the processed material is accomplished during the drying process. In an alternative preferred embodiment of the invention, such drying and heating are conducted or accomplished in separate processing steps, such as may be conducted in sequence. In accordance with one such alternative embodiment, such relatively minor or mild heat treatment can be relatively easily implemented into a processing scheme such as via in-line fluid bed dryers such as may be incorporated between a spray-dry tower and an associated collection bin, for example. In either case, such heat treatment is generally either or both at significantly lower processing temperatures or for significantly shorter durations than associated with prior art processing techniques.
The application of more severe heat treatment processing (i.e., processing involving either or both heating the material to a higher temperature, such as a temperature in excess of or greater than 135xc2x0 C., or for significantly longer periods of time, such as for durations of 10 minutes or more) is generally not preferred or desired. In particular, such more severe heat treatment processing generally has associated therewith correspondingly higher processing costs without necessarily providing or resulting in concomitant processing or product benefits or improvements.
Those skilled in the art and guided by the teachings herein provided will appreciate that post-spray dry heating can desirably be avoided where, for example, sufficient heat treatment is achieved or realized during the drying process. Alternatively, however, such heating can be relatively easily implemented into a processing scheme such as via in-line fluid bed dryers such as may be incorporated between a spray-dry tower and an associated collection bin, as described above.
In accordance with a preferred practice of the invention, the resulting phase stabilized ammonium nitrate powder desirably contains a phase stabilizing quantity or proportion of the diammine dinitrate of the associated transition metal, as detailed above.
As will be appreciated, such phase stabilized ammonium nitrate can find various applications. For example, such phase stabilized ammonium nitrate can find application in various gas generant formulations such as used in association with inflatable restraint systems and such as otherwise known in the art. In particular, such phase stabilized ammonium nitrate can be easily implemented into various gas generant formulations such as those prepared or produced via extrusion or granulation, for example.
Such a processing method allows for preparation of metal diammine dinitrate phase stabilized ammonium nitrate without isolation of explosive metal tetrammine nitrate complexes. Further, the final relatively mild heat treatment, such as may be desired to ensure complete formation of metal diammine dinitrate, can desirably be done or preformed in a solid state, not in a melt. Thus, facilitating and permitting the preparation of phase stabilized ammonium nitrate, in accordance with the invention, via the use or processing of existing spray dry/fluid bed dryer equipment.Water-curable compositions based on thermoplastic polymers having hydrolyzable silane moieties are becoming increasingly interesting as environmental, health and safety concerns increase for other curing technologies. Such compositions have excellent properties of weather-, chemical- and water-resistance, since the alkoxysilyl group is connected to the polymer chain by a carbon-silicon bond, rather than a labile carbon-oxygen-silicon linkage; therefore water-, alkali- and acid-resistance are remarkably improved compared to a system with silicates or silanes added by physical mixing. One disadvantage of water-curable silylated polymer compositions, however, is that they tend to crosslink, especially if dispersed in water, under normal conditions of preparation, handling and storage. As a result, the relatively poor shelf life of such compositions has tended to limit their wide commercial acceptance and has kept the use of silylated polymers to those with very low silane concentrations, typically less than 1.0 weight percent, in waterborne polymeric products.
Modification of water-curable compositions to alleviate the problem of premature crosslinking is described in U.S. Pat. No. 4,526,930 which teaches relatively water-stable, melt-processable, thermoplastic polymers with hydrolyzable silane moieties. These silylated polymers are only activated or made readily water-curable by the reaction herewith of an organotitanate having at least one readily hydrolyzable group, which ester exchanges with an ester group of the silane. Although the titanate functions as a silanol condensation catalyst, it is dispersed in the alkylene-acrylate solid matrix, not in water.
Unexamined Japanese Patent Application No. 6025502 teaches a composition comprising a polymer emulsion obtained by adding a tin catalyst (a diorganotin carboxylate) which is insoluble in water, to silylated vinyl polymers after emulsion polymerization. The addition of a water insoluble tin catalyst, however, is not suitable for such films because defects result from the heterogeneous catalysts and the emulsion polymer mixtures, such as formation of craters and granular particles on the surface and uneven crosslinkage in the film structure. Moreover, the silanes taught therein have alkoxy groups of at least eight carbons long and generally of a straight chain.
This Japanese patent application also teaches non-discriminate curing catalysts generally used for silane/ester hydrolysis and condensation reactions. Similar examples of catalysts for silane ester and silanol-containing compositions can be found in the literature, which disclose catalysts dissolved in organic solvent-based systems to ensure a proper cure.
For example, it has long been known that diorganotin dicarboxylates are catalysts for polymerization of organosilicon compounds. However, in spite of their proven utility, the diorganotin dicarboxylates suffer from several disadvantages. One is the relative instability of the compound as shown by loss of activity upon standing, particularly under moist conditions. The phenomenon is even more pronounced when the catalyst is in the form of an aqueous emulsion. Many tin compounds may also undergo hydrolysis during prolonged storage and revert to catalytically inactive forms.
Thus, it is clear that there is the need for one component, water-based dispersed silylated polymeric systems that have good stability during storage in water and which produce films of good quality upon application and drying.There has been a significant need in many fields for high quantum efficiency, high speed response light detectors, particularly in the blue and near ultraviolet, (200 to 500 nm) as well as for particle detection, and low-energy X-rays. In many applications there is a further need for miniature, portable, rugged, field ready devices, which drives requirements away from photomultiplier tubes and towards solid state devices. In many applications requiring such solid state devices there is a need for relatively large surface area devices. Larger area devices intrinsically have lower signal to noise (SNR) and longer response time than smaller area devices.
Many nuclear detection devices utilize scintillators that convert nuclear energy to light. Most scintillators emit light in the region of 200 to 500 nm. This light must be read or monitored with an appropriate light detector. In many applications a scintillating crystal or ceramic is mounted directly onto a solid state detector such as an avalanche photodiode. This method of direct coupling significantly improves the efficiency of detection. In medical applications such as PET and CT scanning high sensitivity and short response time are required to reduce the patient's exposure to radiation as much as possible. Thus, there is a critical need in nuclear medicine for high quantum efficiency, high speed response, and often large surface area devices.
In other medical applications where detectors are in direct contact with the patient there is the further requirement that the bias voltage that drives the device be as low as possible for reasons of patient safety.
There is also a need for high quantum efficiency, high speed response, and often large surface area light detectors in military applications, such as tracking, targeting, and ranging devices. This is particularly the case for daylight applications where military operations are conducted in the presence of large amounts of visible and infrared light. The human eye has little sensitivity at wavelengths below 400 nm. For laser exposure, there is an “eye safe” UVA region between 315 and 400 nm (ideal, for instance, for operation with tripled Nd:YAG lasers at 355 nm or with solid state lasers emitting in this spectral band region). Solar radiation is minimal in the UVA band and can be significantly further reduced by use of appropriate band pass or short pass filters. These filters can, in many instances, be directly coated onto the detector or an appropriate filter can be placed in the path of incoming light. For tracking and targeting applications it may also be advantageous to use positional sensitive detectors, based on arrays of detectors and/or proportional detectors.
Scientific research instrumentation often requires high quantum efficiency, high speed response, and often large surface area devices in the spectral region between 200 and 1050 nm. Such applications include, but are not limited to, radiation detectors employing scintillators, radiation detectors based upon Cherenkov radiation, radiation detectors for X-ray detection, radiation detectors for ionizing particle detection and astronomical measurements in this spectral region.
Over the past two decades, free-space optical communication (FSOC) has proven to be a viable way to transfer large packets of digital information. Capable of achieving Gbit/s transfer rates over several km, relatively compact systems for local area networks are commercially available. However, the technology required to deploy robust system architectures, such as those used on temporary or mobile platforms operating in a range of daylight and temperature conditions, has yet to be fully realized.
A significant operational barrier for FSOC is the need to maintain eye-safety, which limits the permissible signal power and thus system ranging capabilities. Poor weather conditions, the need for direct line-of-sight, and interference with solar radiation within the receiver's line-of-sight are also factors that can significantly degrade the system performance. Despite these factors, FSOC offers significant advantages over commonly used microwave links. These advantages include: smaller size, weight and power requirements for the transmitter and receiver; higher immunity to electromagnetic interference; faster data transfer rates; and higher security due to directionality.
Such optical communication systems consist of two primary components; namely the transmitter and the receiver. Medium-range FSOC systems have been realized thanks to advances in laser transmitter and LED technology in the ultraviolet (UV). Compared to systems that utilize red or near-IR sources, the advantages of using a UV source include higher permissible transmission levels and reduced interference from solar radiation. Strong absorption and Rayleigh scattering in the atmosphere greatly reduces the solar background in the deep UV (wavelengths<280 nm). However, this same scattering and absorption may also reduce the distance over which the communication signal can be relayed, particularly at sea level where water content is high. As a result, the use of deep UV has been proposed for short range non-line of sight (NLOS) operations where the scattered light is used to relay the signal around objects [2]. For medium to long range communications, therefore, longer wavelengths near the blue-UV region of the spectrum (350 to 380 nm) are preferred.
The advantage created by recent advances in transmitter technology for UV FSOC has been dampened by the lag in the development of matching receiver technology for the UV. In particular, the highest quantum efficiency (QE) (the ratio between the number of photon-induced electrons collected and the number of incident photons) is approximately 50% for detectors at UN wavelengths, compared to >90% at the longer wavelengths. Table 1 compares the QE of various large-area UV-blue sensitive detectors when operated in proportional mode at the common laser wavelength of 355 nm (Nd:YAG).
TABLE 1Detector typeGainQE (at 355 nm)Silicon detector 150%Avalanche Photodiode20050%Photomultiplier Tube  10625%Silicon Carbide 1<10% 
Silicon detectors have the highest QEs at 355 nm, which is two to three times higher than photomultiplier tubes (PMTs) and six to seven times higher than silicon carbide detectors, which have a peak response at shorter wavelengths. Silicon p-i-n photodiodes are compact, rugged high-speed optical receivers that are relatively inexpensive and require low operating bias. However, their signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) is much lower than detectors with internal gain structures, such as APD's or PMTs. As a result, post-amplification circuits are often needed to generate appropriate signal outputs, further reducing the SNR.
Avalanche photodiodes (APD's), like the PMTs, exhibit internal gain created by impact ionization, when a strong electric field is present in the detector. However, APD's are much thinner than PMTs, which increases design flexibility, enabling improved light collection geometries. Unlike the PMT, the APD is very rugged, does not require a recovery period (several to tens of minutes) following intense illumination from an unexpected signal or background source, can be operated in magnetic fields, and can be mass produced at low costs. As a result, APD's are often the detector of choice for field-ready instrumentation such as FSOC.
An exemplary APD is depicted in FIG. 1. The substrate contains different regions that correspond to differing amounts of dopant present in that region. For example, an APD may include a photosensitive neutral drift p-region 100 located at, or adjacent to, the top surface of the APD. A depleted p-region 102 may be located beneath the neutral drift region. A depleted n-region 104 may be located beneath the depleted p-region. A neutral n-region 106 may be located beneath the depleted n-region. In some cases the APD may also include a passivation layer 108 disposed on top of the neutral drift p-region. During use an electrical potential may be applied to the APD such that when a photon is absorbed by the photosensitive neutral drift p-region, an electron-hole pair is formed at photon absorption site 110. Due to the applied electrical potential the charge carriers, i.e. the electron and hole, move in opposite directions within the APD. This initial migration of a charge carrier towards the bottom of the APD is indicated by arrow 112 which corresponds to minority carrier transport. As the charge carrier is accelerated due to the applied electrical potential it causes additional electron hole pairs to be formed within the depleted p-region and depleted n-region due to impact ionization which then exhibit similar behavior. This process is referred to as avalanche breakdown and is indicated by enlarged arrow 114. This phenomenon is responsible for the signal gain exhibited by avalanche photodiodes. After passing through the depleted p-region and depleted n-region the generated charge carriers undergo majority carrier transport to the neutral n-region which includes electrical contacts for outputting the generated electrical signal.Circuitry for the positioning of the electron beam in CRT display systems such as exemplified by the M. S. Granberg, et al., U.S. Pat. Nos. 3,434,135 and 3,489,946 includes X and Y deflection coil current drive systems of various designs. These prior art systems include digital logic that selectively switches in or out constant current sources of individually fixed but separately different incremental current magnitudes or levels such that the desired deflection-determining current level is caused to flow through the X (and Y) deflection coil.
In CRT display systems, the cathode ray tube face is usually a flat surface. Equal increments of deflection-determining current move the electron beam along the face in increasing incremental lengths for increasing distances away from the center of the face producing a distortion called the "pin-cushion" or "non-linear effect." Prior art CRT display systems have included various correction features to compensate for such distortion. Aslo included were constant current drivers and electronic switches to maintain fixed increments of deflection-determining current and to prevent switching induced transients that further distort the display. The present invention is directed toward a CRT display system that eliminates these above noted causes of display distortion.1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to a drive unit for a hybrid vehicle.
2. Description of the Related Art
Electrically driven vehicles conventionally have been provided with a drive unit including a drive motor, a generator-motor and an inverter unit. Further, in the inverter for the drive motor formed by a bridge circuit, direct current supplied from a battery is converted into three phase alternating current, and the alternating current is supplied to the drive motor. Further, by an inverter for the generator-motor, formed by a bridge circuit, three phase alternating current supplied from the generator-motor is converted into direct current and the direct current is supplied to the battery.
A pulse-width modulating signal is generated by the control unit and that signal is output to the respective bridge circuits to thereby switch transistors of the respective bridge circuits.
However, it has previously been necessary to provide for separate connection of an inverter to the drive motor and of an inverter to the generator-motor and, accordingly, the drive unit must be sufficiently sized to accommodate such connections.
Further, with a smoothing condenser, common to the respective bridge circuits, for stabilizing voltage generated when the transistors of the respective bridge circuits are switched ON and OFF, the lead wires connecting the respective transistors with the drive motor and the generator-motor are lengthy and the wiring is complicated.
Further, particularly in a drive unit in which a drive motor and a generator-motor are arranged on two different axes, there is no design integrating the inverter for the drive motor, the inverter for the generator-motor and the drive unit casing so that the drive unit is necessarily large-sized.1. Field of the Invention
The present application relates to measuring devices, more specifically to coordinate measurement machines.
2. Description of the Related Art
Portable coordinate measurement machines (PCMMs) such as articulated arm PCMMs can be used to perform a variety of measurement and coordinate acquisition tasks. In one common commercially-available PCMM, an articulated arm having three transfer members connected by articulating joints allows easy movement of a probe head or tip about seven axes to take various measurements. In operation, when the probe head or tip contacts an object the PCMM outputs to a processing unit data regarding the orientation of the transfer members and articulating joints on the articulated arm. This data would then be translated into a measurement of a position at the probe head or tip.
Typical uses for such devices generally relate to manufacturing inspection and quality control. In these applications, measurements are typically taken only when a measuring point on the arm is in contact with an article to be measured. Contact can be indicated by strain-gauges, static charge, or user-input. Such devices have been commercially successful. Still there is a general need to continue to increase the accuracy of such instruments.Antenna arrays are widely used in communication and radar systems because of their high directivity and ability to control beam direction. Some examples of these systems are military radars, vehicles collision avoidance systems, cellular base stations, satellite communication systems, broadcasting, naval communication, weather research, radio-frequency identification (RFID) and synthetic aperture radars. Antenna arrays are excited using either a serial or a corporate feed network. Serially-fed antenna arrays are more compact than their corporate-fed counterparts (e.g., serially-fed antenna arrays have a substantially shorter feeding or transmission line than corporate-fed arrays). Furthermore, the ohmic and feed line radiation losses are smaller in serially-fed arrays than in corporate-fed arrays. Hence, the efficiency of serially-fed arrays can be higher than that of corporate-fed arrays.
Serially-fed antenna arrays are not without their drawbacks, however. For example, serially-fed antenna arrays have a narrow bandwidth due to the non-zero group delay of the feed network causing variation of the phase shift with frequency between the antennas of adjacent antenna units. Therefore, beam direction varies (beam squint) as the frequency changes, thereby reducing the array boresight gain and causing performance degradation, especially in narrow beam width systems.
More particularly, the main beam angle of an antenna array is determined by phase shifts between adjacent antennas of the array. In serially-fed antenna arrays, the phase shift is adjusted using a frequency dependent phase shifter. Therefore, the antenna array beam angle changes as the frequency changes resulting in beam squinting given by equation (1):
                              θ          beam                =                              sin                          -              1                                ⁡                      (                                                            θ                  f                                -                                  θ                                      f                    o                                                                                                K                  o                                ⁢                                  d                  E                                                      )                                              (        1        )            where: θbeam is the main beam angle, θfo and θf are the phase shifts between any two of the adjacent antennas at the center frequency and at an offset frequency, respectively, and dE is the inter-element spacing (i.e., the space between adjacent antennas in the antenna array). According to equation (1), the beam squint occurs because the phase shift between the adjacent antennas varies with frequency. In order to eliminate the beam squint, the phase shift between the antennas must be frequency independent. In other words, the group delay, which is calculated from equation (2) below, between adjacent antennas must be zero.
                              Group          ⁢                                          ⁢          Delay                =                              -                          1                              2                ⁢                                                                  ⁢                π                                              ⁢                                    d              ⁢                                                          ⁢                              θ                f                                                    d              ⁢                                                          ⁢              f                                                          (        2        )            
To obtain a zero group delay between the adjacent antennas (and thereby eliminating, or at least substantially reducing, beam squint), one or more NGD circuit(s) may be integrated between the adjacent antennas. In such an instance, the NGD value must be equal to the value of the positive group delay of the interconnecting transmission lines. FIGS. 1A and 1B depict conventional serially-fed antenna array arrangements wherein NGD circuits are integrated between adjacent antennas to have an overall group delay of approximately zero. In FIG. 1A, and for each set of adjacent antennas, an NGD circuit comprising a lossy parallel resonance circuit is serially-integrated into the transmission line between the two antennas. In FIG. 1B, an NGD circuit comprising a lossy series resonator circuit is integrated into the transmission line in a shunt arrangement. In each of these arrangements, in order to have a uniformly excited antenna array, an amplifier and corresponding matching circuits can be used as illustrated in FIGS. 1A and 1B.
The use of conventional NGD circuits in this manner is not without its shortcomings, however. The conventional NGD circuits employ lossy elements (e.g., a lossy resonator) to generate a desirable amount of NGD. As such, these circuits suffer from a large amount of loss in order to generate NGD (e.g., certain conventional NGD circuits may have a typical loss of 6 dB or more, meaning that more than 70-75% of the power is dissipated in the NGD circuit), which significantly limits their application.
Accordingly, there is a need for NGD circuits that minimize and/or eliminate one or more of the above-identified deficiencies.Optically variable devices are used in a wide variety of applications, both decorative and utilitarian. Optically variable devices can be made in multitude of ways to achieve a variety of effects. Optically variable devices (OVDs) such as holograms are imprinted on credit cards and authentic software documentation; color-shifting images are printed on banknotes, and OVDs enhance the surface appearance of items such as motorcycle helmets and wheel covers.
Optically variable devices can be made as a film or a foil that is pressed, stamped, glued, or otherwise attached to an object, and can also be made using optically variable pigments. One type of optically variable pigment is commonly called a color-shifting pigment because the perceived color of images appropriately printed with such pigments changes as the angle of view and/or illumination is tilted. A common example is the number “20” printed with color-shifting pigment in the lower right-hand corner of a U.S. twenty-dollar banknote, which serves as an anti-counterfeiting device.
Some anti-counterfeiting devices are covert, while others are overt intended to be noticed. Unfortunately, some optically variable devices that are intended to be noticed are not widely known because the optically variable aspect of the device is not sufficiently dramatic or distinguishable from its background. For example, the amount of color-shift of an image printed with color-shifting pigment might not be noticed under uniform fluorescent ceiling lights, but may be more noticeable in direct sunlight or under single-point illumination. This can make it easier for a counterfeiter to pass counterfeit notes without the optically variable feature because the recipient might not be aware of the optically variable feature, or because the counterfeit note might look substantially similar to the authentic note under certain conditions.
Optically variable devices can also be made with magnetic pigments. These magnetic pigments may be aligned with a magnetic field after applying the pigment (typically in a carrier such as an ink vehicle or a paint vehicle) to a surface. However, painting with magnetic pigments has been used mostly for decorative purposes. For example, use of magnetic pigments has been described to produce painted cover wheels having a decorative feature that appears as a three-dimensional shape. A pattern was formed on the painted product by applying a magnetic field to the product while the paint medium still was in a liquid state. The paint medium had dispersed magnetic non-spherical particles that aligned along the magnetic field lines. The field had two regions. The first region contained lines of a magnetic force that were oriented parallel to the surface and arranged in a shape of a desired pattern. The second region contained lines that were non-parallel to the surface of the painted product and arranged around the pattern. To form the pattern, permanent magnets or electromagnets with the shape corresponding to the shape of desired pattern were located underneath the painted product to orient in the magnetic field non-spherical magnetic particles dispersed in the paint while the paint was still wet. When the paint dried, the pattern was visible on the surface of the painted product as the light rays incident on the paint layer were influenced differently by the oriented magnetic particles.
Similarly, a process for producing of a pattern of flaked magnetic particles in fluoropolymer matrix has been described. After coating a product with a composition in liquid form, a magnet with desirable shape was placed on the underside of the substrate. Magnetic flakes dispersed in a liquid organic medium orient themselves parallel to the magnetic field lines, tilting from the original planar orientation. This tilt varied from perpendicular to the surface of a substrate to the original orientation, which included flakes essentially parallel to the surface of the product. The planar oriented flakes reflected incident light back to the viewer, while the reoriented flakes did not, providing the appearance of a three dimensional pattern in the coating.
By way of background prior art, United States Patent Application 20050106367, incorporated herein by reference, published May 19, 2005 in the name of Raksha et al., assigned to JDS Uniphase Corporation, describes a method and apparatus for orienting magnetic flakes such as optically variable flakes.
Although some of the aforementioned methods for providing visually appealing and useful optical effects are now nearly ubiquitous, these devices require enhancements and additional features to make them more recognizable as an authentic article; for example it would be preferable to have the ability to provide yet additional security features.
For example it would be highly desirous to have a security device which provided a color shift with change in incident light or viewing angle including magnetically aligned flakes and optical features associated therewith; and, providing such a device which had a reasonable amount of tactility would be highly advantageous. It would also be preferably to have such a device wherein there was significant contrast and sharpness between regions of the device that Were functionally different. For example a magnetically aligned region of thin film color shifting flakes directly adjacent an embossed region could offer benefits not realizable in two adjacent different magnetically aligned regions.
It is an object of this invention to provide a method for forming an image of a plurality of contrasting, discernible regions, wherein at least one region has magnetic flakes thereon aligned by an applied magnetic field having a predetermined orientation, and another of the discernible regions adjacent to the first discernible region having flakes thereon or an absence of flakes caused by mechanically impressing or pushing away flakes from said second region.
It is an object of this invention to provide a tactile image wherein a tactile transition can be sensed by touching a transition between at least the first and second discernible regions.
It is an object of this invention to provide a banknote or security document which has tactile properties to assist the blind in verifying the authenticity of the note or document.
It is an object of this invention to provide an image having an optically variable region and having a tactile region about the optically variable region.1. Field of the Invention
This invention relates in general to biased magnetic recording, and in particular to a biased cross-field recording head having increased short wavelength recording effectiveness.1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to a health check system, a health check apparatus and a method thereof for providing information on a user's health using a sensor.
2. Description of the Related Art
For example, Shuichi Kurabayashi, Naoki Ishibashi, Yasuo Kiyoki: “Scheme for Realizing Active Type Multidatabase System in Mobile Computing Environment,” Proceedings of Information Processing Society of Japan, 2000-DBS-122, 2000, 463-470 and Shuichi Kurabayashi, Naoki Ishibashi, Yasushi Kiyoki: A Multidatabase System Architecture for Integrating Heterogeneous Databases with Meta-Level Active Rule Primitives. In Proceedings of the 20th TASTED International Conference on Applied Informatics, 2002, 378-387, disclose an active meta-level system that dynamically interconnects devices of databases or the like.
However, these documents neither disclose nor even suggest any health check system, health check apparatus or method thereof for providing information on a user's health by adaptively using sensors.Field
This disclosure is generally related to computer networks. More specifically, this disclosure is related to deploying an overlay content centric network across an Internet Protocol network.
Related Art
Recent research efforts are producing content centric networking (CCN) to re-architect the entire network stack around content. In CCN, packets typically do not contain network addresses for a source and a destination of the packet. Rather, clients issue requests for Content Objects, and routers across the network route these requests directly through the network to a closest network node that stores a copy of the content, which returns a packet that includes the requested Content Object to respond to the request.
CCN can use controlled flooding as a mechanism to route the requests to the appropriate content providers, which eliminates the burden of having to configure explicit routes to all possible content providers. However, the benefits produced by this mechanism comes at the cost of an increased overhead of the object-requesting traffic in the network. To make matters worse, the way CCN nodes are connected to each other has a major impact in the amount of Interests present in the network, which makes it difficult to deploy a CCN network without a debilitating overhead. For example, a sub-optimal CCN topology may cause Interests to flow via an undesirably large number of links, and can produce network congestion at certain CCN nodes. This sub-optimal topology can result in unnecessary processing overhead at the CCN nodes, and can increase the delivery time for content accessed by these Interests.In the semiconductor industry, metal silicides have typically been used to provide low resistive contacts to source/drain regions and gate electrodes in metal oxide semiconductor (MOS) and CMOS transistors. Titanium silicide (TiSi2) has traditionally been used because of its low resistivity. However, by using the conventional Ti-salicide process the sheet resistance increases for lines having a thickness of less than about 0.35 microns (μm). A high temperature anneal is needed to completely transform the silicide from the high-resistivity C49 phase to the low-resistivity C54 phase. In some lines, the transformation is not complete and the film agglomerates before complete transformation into the low-resistivity state.
TiSi2 has been replaced with CoSi2 to circumvent the problem mentioned above. However, CoSi2 consumes significant amounts of silicon during formation, which increases the difficulty of forming shallow junctions for silicon-on-insulator (SOI) substrates. Further, as the semiconductor industry approaches dimensions less than 65 nm, CoSi2 also exhibits rapid sheet resistance degradation. Specifically, the polysilicon gate sheet resistance Rs increases sharply at narrow line widths due to voids formed by vacancy coalescence at the polySi grain boundary.
Ni suicide with low resistivity, low salicidation temperature, small mechanical stress, low silicon consumption and relative insensitivity of sheet resistance to linewidth is currently being investigated to replace CoSi2. Manufacturing a functioning device requires several processing steps after contact formation where the silicide temperature typically exceeds 600° C. Under such conditions, NiSi has been reported to agglomerate and form NiSi2 which has a higher resistivity than NiSi. See, for example, J. Y. Yew, et al. “Epitaxial growth of NiSi on (111) Si inside 0.1-0.6 mm oxide openings prepared by electron beam lithography”, Appl. Phys. Lett. 69(7), (1996); B. A. Julies, “A Study of the NiSi to NiSi2 Transition in the Ni—Si Binary System”, Thin Solid Films, 347, 201, 1999; and M. C. Poon, “Thermal Stability of Cobalt and Nickel Silicides”, Microelectronics Reliability 38, 1495, 1998.
Further, when shallow junctions (on the order of about 15 nm or less) are to be formed, nickel disilicide formation is seen under the spacer resulting in shorting of the device between the gate and the source/drain regions. The thermal stability of NiSi has to be improved before it can be used as a contact in submicron microelectronic devices.
Co-pending and co-assigned U.S. patent application Ser. No. 10/334,464, filed Dec. 31, 2002, now U.S. Pat. No. 6,905,560 entitled “Retarding Agglomeration of Ni Monosilicide Using Ni Alloys” describes various metals that can be co-deposited with Ni to prevent disilicide formation. Some of these metals, such as Ti, V, Cr, Zr, Nb, Mo, Hf, Ta, W and Re, prevent nucleation of NiSi2. Ge, Rh, Pd, Pt or mixtures thereof can be used as stabilizing agents.
The successful formation of a silicide contact through the salicide process requires deposition of a thin (less than 10 nm) Ni alloy uniformly over the substrate, heating the substrate to form the silicide over regions where silicon is present and finally selectively etching the unreacted metal without attacking the silicide. Any attack of the silicide would reduce the thickness of the line and increase the contact resistance. Further, the etchant should be capable of not only removing Ni, but all the other metals added along with it. Present etchants for removing Ni and Ni alloys in the salicide contact process are based on a mixture of hydrogen peroxide and sulfuric acid at temperatures greater than 60° C. This is disclosed for example, in U.S. Pat. No. 6,468,901 and P. S. Lee, et al. “New Salicidation Technology with Ni(Pt) Alloy for MOSFETs”, IEEE Electronic Device Letters, 22 (12) 2001. Such etchants are incapable of removing all additional elements especially noble metals such as Pt, Pd, Rh and Re used along with Ni. Presence of the unreacted metal on the spacers and trench isolation regions leads to shorting of the devices thereby preventing the manufacturing of a functioning semiconductor chip. The remaining unreacted metal is referred in the art as stringers.
In view of the above, there is a need for providing a new and improved method for forming NiSi contacts which avoids leaving unreacted metals, i.e., stringers, on the spacers and trench isolation regions.It is known to recover nickel and/or copper from sulfidic ores by comminuting the ore to a finely divided state, subjecting the comminuted ore to froth flotation to upgrade the metal content thereof, and roasting the concentrate in an oxidizing atmosphere to remove the sulfur therefrom as SO.sub.2, followed by the reduction of the oxidized concentrate at an elevated temperature with a carbonaceous material to form molten nickel which is cast to provide pig nickel for use in the manufacture of stainless steel.
The foregoing method has certain disadvantages particularly with respect to the formation of SO.sub.2 which is undesirable. Unless the SO.sub.2 is converted to sulfuric acid on site, the SO.sub.2 effluent released into the atmosphere presents environmental problems.
Nickel-containing sulfidic minerals and laterites are the two major raw material sources for nickel. The laterites are abundantly distributed throughout the world.
However, laterites unlike nickel sulfide ores, cannot be concentrated by froth flotation or magnetically. Compared to other ores, the nickel content is low, for example, may range from 0.5 to 1.5% nickel by weight, with the exception of deposits in New Caledonia and Indonesia in which the amount of nickel is of the order of up to about 3% by weight which is quite high.
It has been predicted that by the end of this century, laterites will become the major source for the production of nickel.
The conventional process for recovering nickel from lateritic ores is somewhat energy intensive in that the nickel is extracted from the ore by high pressure leaching at elevated temperature in an autoclave.
For example, one process for recovering nickel and cobalt from lateritic ores is the well known Moa Bay process involving acid leaching at elevated temperatures and pressures at which iron oxide and aluminum oxysulfate are substantially insoluble.
In the Moa Bay process, lateritic ore at minus 20 mesh (95% passing 325 mesh U.S. Standard) is pulped to approximately 45% solids and the nickel and cobalt selectively leached with sufficient sulfuric acid at elevated temperature and pressure (e.g. 230.degree. C. to 250.degree. C. and 405 to 580 psia) to solubilize about 95% each of nickel and cobalt in about 60 to 90 minutes. After pressure let down, the leached pulp is washed by countercurrent decantation with the washed pulp going to tailings. The leach solution pH, which is quite low (e.g., between 0 and 0.5), is then neutralized with coral mud to a pH of about 2.4 in a series of four tanks at a total retention time of about 20 minutes and the thus-treated product liquor (containing about 5.65 gpl Ni, 0.8 gpl Fe and 2.3 gpl Al), after solid-liquid separation, is then subjected to sulfide precipitation. The leach liquor is preheated and the sulfide precipitation carried out using H.sub.2 S as the precipitating reagent in an autoclave at about 120.degree. C. (250.degree. F.) and a pressure of about 150 psig.
In the original scheme for treating the mixed sulfides, the sulfide precipitate was washed and thickened to a solids content of 65%. It was then oxidized in an autoclave at about 177.degree. C. (350.degree. F.) and a pressure of about 700 psig.
The solution containing nickel and cobalt was then neutralized with ammonia to a pH (5.35) sufficient to precipitate any residual iron, aluminum, and chromium present using air as an oxidizing agent.
The precipitate was thereafter separated from the solution and the nickel and cobalt solution then adjusted to a pH of about 1.5. H.sub.2 S was added to precipitate selectively any copper, lead and zinc present. The precipitate was separated from the solution by filtration and the nickel recovered by various methods. One method comprised treating the nickel-containing solution with hydrogen at elevated temperature and pressure to produce nickel powder.
The aforementioned method, as stated hereinbefore, had certain economic disadvantages. The conversion of mixed nickel-cobalt sulfide into salable separate nickel and cobalt products was very expensive and there was no market for mixed sulfide precipitates.
It is known to subject gold-bearing sulfide ore to oxidative bioleaching. Such methods are disclosed in U.S. Pat. No. 4,729,788, No. 5,127,942 and No. 5,244,493. The sulfidic material is ground, placed in heaps or piles or pulped or slurried and bioleached to oxidize the sulfide mineral using bacteria at temperatures of about 15.degree. C. to about 40.degree. C. The sulfide particle containing gold occluded within it is biooxidized to physically free up the gold for removal by cyanide leaching or other types of leaching.
Attempts to use bioleaching to recover base metals, such as nickel, have not been attractive enough to warrant the building of a commercial plant, particularly since technology was not in place economically at the time for recovering nickel from the solution which were quite dilute at best, except for the use of solvent extraction by means of which more concentrated solutions could be produced for the subsequent recovery of nickel. The recovery of nickel from low grade bioleach solutions by solvent extraction has its problems in that (i) there are organic solvents that preferentially extract nickel from mixed ferric iron-nickel containing solutions such as shown hereinafter in Example 2 and (ii) the micro-organisms present in the bioleach solutions tend to adversely affect the separation of the organic phase from the aqueous phase.
The problem with ferric iron is that either the ferric ion will preferentially load on organic solvents, such as DEPHA(di-2-ethyl hexyl phosphoric acid) or it will oxidize the active ingredient in organic solvents such as Cyanex 272; 301 and 302. These reagents are sold by the American Cyanamid Company with the following active ingredients: phosphoric, phosphonic and phosphinic acids.
"Third phase" formation during solvent extractions sometimes limits the application of solvent extraction in leaching operations, particularly in a bioleaching circuit because bacteria and organic solvents are not compatible. For example, Thiobacillus ferroxidans is in essence a sulfur-loving bacteria which presents problems in solvent extraction, particularly when the organic solvent contains sulfur, such as in di-nonyl-naphthyl sulfonic acid. Since many nickel sulfide ore bodies have a metal cut-off grade of around 0.2% to 0.5% Ni, it at once becomes apparent that a method is needed to enable the production of nickel solutions of sufficiently high concentration from which the nickel can be recovered economically. Thus, low grade nickel ores, in essence, could then be treated the same as a high grade ore with the same economical advantages.
Recent work conducted in the bioleaching of ores has indicated that low grade ores can be economically leached using bacteria as a means for effecting the dissolution of metal, e.g., nickel and/or cobalt, into an aqueous acid solution.
An advantage of bioleaching, while time dependent, is the fact that it is not energy and cost intensive. The pregnant solution obtained, however, is quite dilute.
One bioleaching method proposed for the recovery of nickel from sulfide ores is disclosed in Canadian Patent No. 2,065,491 which issued on Oct. 9, 1992.
According to the Canadian patent, a method disclosed comprises crushing the sulfide ore which is thereafter formed into a heap and the ore heap percolated with an iron sulfate solution which, optionally, carries bacteria, such as Thiobacillus ferroxidans, Thiobacillus thiooxidans or Leptospirillum ferroxidans. By virtue of the oxidation of the sulfide ore, the generation of sulfuric acid occurs, thus forming a sulfate solution.
Sulfuric acid or an alkali, such as lime, is added to the solution, if necessary, to control the pH to a range of about 1.2 to 3, preferably from 2.3 to 2.5.
An anaerobic bacterium is added to the sulfate solution to cause the precipitation of the dissolved metal as an insoluble sulfide, thus upgrading the metal into a highly concentrated form which then must be treated to recover the metal, e.g., nickel.
To bring about sulfide generation of the dissolved metal (e.g., nickel), a bacterium, referred to as Desulforvivrio Desulfuricans, may be added to the solution. After the nickel sulfide precipitates, it is separated from the solution to provide a concentrate high in nickel which must be further treated, such as by high pressure leaching at an elevated temperature in the presence of sulfuric acid to produce a nickel sulfate solution from which the nickel is extracted by known conventional methods.
In a paper entitled "The Solubilization of Nickel, Cobalt and Iron From Laterites by Means of Organic Chelating agents" (Denis I. McKenzie et al, International Journal of Mineral Processing' 21 (1987) P.275-292), a group of carboxylic acids were mentioned as chelating agents, including Oxalic Acid, Citric Acid, Tartaric Acid, among others. The efficacy of the organic acids at natural pH were compared to H.sub.2 SO.sub.4 (15 mM final concentration). Over a 456 hour period, using 15 mM concentrations of acids with 2 grams of ore (West Australian ore) in 150 ml of H.sub.2 O, Oxalic, Citric and Tartaric acids compared somewhat favorably with H.sub.2 SO.sub.4. Amount of nickel dissolved in ppm was 30.3 for H.sub.2 SO.sub.4, 18.5 for Oxalic acid, 20.2 for Citric acid and 16.3 for Tartaric.
The same acids employed on Indonesian ore showed that the nickel dissolved amounted to the following: Citric Acid 863 ppm, Tartaric Acid--708 ppm, Oxalic Acid--318 ppm, etc.
In a paper entitled "Microbial Leaching of Nickel from Low Grade Greek Laterites," Mineral Bioprocessing, TMS, 1991 page 191-205, the authors indicate a variety of heterotrophic micro-organisms that can produce such organic acids. They include: asperigillus and penicillia concentrations of around 40 grams of organic acid which were readily produced by these microorganisms.
Close to 70% of the Ni and less than 5% of the Fe were solubilized after a 51-day leaching period from a laterite ore containing about 1% Ni and 30% Fe. This work also showed an improved extraction when the organisms plus the culture medium were mixed with the laterite ore. An explanation was given: "Once the organisms attach themselves to the surface of the mineral grains, a high metal concentration gradient is experienced which could be toxic to the organisms spurring them to produce more citric acid (possibly as a defense response) which subsequently leaches out more ions from the mineral grains." If the toxic metal were to be removed from the solution, as proposed in accordance with the present invention, either during the leaching process or interrupted by it, the leaching kinetics will be enhanced significantly so long as a low level of the toxic metal is maintained.
One method of heap leaching with nutrient solutions containing at least one micro-organisms include those selected from the group consisting of the fungi Aspergillus Niger, Penicillium Sp., Aspergillus Sp., Penicillium Simplicissimus and the bacteria Enterobacter Spp., Bacillus Spp., and Achromobacter Spp.
It would be desirable to provide a process for bioleaching relatively low grade as well as relative high grade nickel-containing lateritic ores and sulfidic ores or concentrates thereof in combination with a novel method for concentrating the nickel ions in solution from which nickel is economically recovered.1. Field of Invention
The invention relates to a fieldbus gateway and the data transmission method thereof. In particular, the invention relates to a fieldbus gateway using a virtual serial fieldbus port and the data transmission method thereof.
2. Related Art
During the development of fieldbus, the industrial Ethernet-based fieldbus protocols, such as ProfiNet, Modbus TCP, and Ethernet/IP, are later than the serial-based fieldbus protocols, such as Profibus and Modbus RTU/ASCII. Moreover, the architecture of the industrial Ethernet-based fieldbus protocols is more complicated. Therefore, most of current supervisory control and data acquisition (SCADA) systems or human machine interfaces (HMI) only support serial-based fieldbus instead of Ethernet-based fieldbus. Or one has to pay extra fees in order to obtain the Ethernet-based fieldbus support. Users of the SCADA system and HMI can only use the serial fieldbus port to communicate with the controlled device. However, since most of current factory automation requires that the remote control center and factory operators could control the controlled device at the same time, the controlled device should be able to receive the controls of a remote SCADA system and a local HMI concurrently. However, the system only uses serial fieldbus communication is difficult to provide this function. Due to its physical properties, the serial fieldbus cannot transmit data over a long distance directly. Repeaters are always required for extending the transmission distance, but they also increase the cost of wiring.
To avoid the cost increasing on wiring, some factories use a fieldbus gateway at both the remote and local ends, respectively. The two fieldbus gateways communicate via an Ethernet. Although this reduces the cost on long-distance wiring, at least two fieldbus gateways are needed. To reduce the number of required gateways, some factories use a device server for the system only requires RS-232/RS-422/RS-485 based serial fieldbus communication. The COM port redirection technique used on a device server provides a low cost long distance transmission. As shown in FIG. 1, the remote SCADA system 101a uses the COM port redirection driver to generate a mapped virtual COM port, the COM port is mapped to a physical serial port on the local device server 700. That is, all operations on the mapped virtual COM port on the SCADA system would be transmitted via the network to the device server 700. Then the device server 700 does the same operations on the physical serial port. This makes the mapped virtual COM port works as a mapped interface of the physical serial port on the device server 700. For example, as the SCADA server 101a sets the RTS pin of the mapped COM port to output active signals, the RTS pin on the physical serial port of the device server 700 would output active signals. Then the CTS pin of the physical serial port of a programmable logic controller 301a (controlled device) connected with the physical serial port of the device server 700 receives the active signals. On the other hand, if the programmable logic controller 301a transmits data via its serial port to the physical serial port of the device server 700, then the device server 700 would forward the received data to the mapped COM port of the SCADA system 101a via the network. So the SCADA system 101a can concurrently receive the data from the programmable logic controller 301a (controlled device). Through this serial tunnel technology, the physical serial port of the local device server 700 is just like the real COM port of the remote SCADA system 101a, thereby connecting with the programmable logic controller 301a. 
Although the COM port redirection technique only needs one additional device server to extend the serial communication distance, the COM port redirection establish a dedicated tunnel between the physical serial port of the device server 700 and the mapped virtual COM port (interface) of the SCADA system 101a. Therefore, when using the COM port redirection technique, the physical serial port of the device server 700 could only be occupied by the established tunnel. The physical serial port of the device server only allows one SCADA system 101a (mapped virtual COM port) to communicate with and/or control over a programmable logic controller at a time. It can't work on the system requires the programmable logic controller 301a to be controlled by multiple remote/local control ends concurrently.
In summary, the prior art always has the problem that it is impossible for more than two remote devices to control the same controlled device via serial fieldbus at the same time. It is therefore imperative to provide a solution.The present invention relates to optical measurement of parameters of interest on samples having diffractive structures thereon, and in particular relates to improvements in real-time analysis of the measured optical signal characteristics from a sample to determine parameter values for that sample.
(This specification occasionally makes reference to prior published documents. A numbered list of these references can be found at the end of this section, under the sub-heading xe2x80x9cReferencesxe2x80x9d.)
In integrated circuit manufacture, the accurate measurement of the microstructures being patterned onto semiconductor wafers is highly desirable. Optical measurement methods are typically used for high-speed, non-destructive measurement of such structures. With such methods, a small spot on a measurement sample is illuminated with optical radiation comprising one or more wavelengths, and the sample properties over the measurement spot are determined by measuring characteristics of radiation reflected or diffracted by the sample (e.g., reflection intensity, polarization state, or angular distribution).
This disclosure relates to the measurement of a sample comprising a diffractive structure formed on or in a substrate, wherein lateral material inhomogeneities in the structure give rise to optical diffraction effects. If the lateral inhomogeneities are periodic with a period significantly smaller than the illuminating wavelengths, then diffracted orders other than the zeroth order may all be evanescent and not directly observable, or may be scattered outside the detection instrument""s field of view. But the lateral structure geometry can nevertheless significantly affect the zeroth-order reflectivity, making it possible to measure structure features much smaller than the illuminating wavelengths.
A variety of measurement methods applicable to diffractive structures are known in the prior art. Reference 7 reviews a number of these methods. The most straightforward approach is to use a rigorous, theoretical model based on Maxwell""s equations to calculate a predicted optical signal characteristic of the sample (e.g. reflectivity) as a function of sample measurement parameters (e.g., film thickness, linewidth, etc.), and adjust the measurement parameters in the model to minimize the discrepancy between the theoretical and measured optical signal (Ref""s 10, 14). (Note: In this context the singular term xe2x80x9ccharacteristicxe2x80x9d may denote a composite entity such as a vector or matrix. The components of the characteristic might, for example, represent reflectivities at different wavelengths or collection angles.) The measurement process comprises the following steps: First, a set of trial values of the measurement parameters is selected. Then, based on these values a computer-representable model of the measurement sample structure (including its optical materials and geometry) is constructed. The electromagnetic interaction between the sample structure and illuminating radiation is numerically simulated to calculate a predicted optical signal characteristic, which is compared to the measured signal characteristic. An automated fitting optimization algorithm iteratively adjusts the trial parameter values and repeats the above process to minimize the discrepancy between the measured and predicted signal characteristic. (The optimization algorithm might typically minimize the mean-square error of the signal characteristic components.)
The above process can provide very accurate measurement capability, but the computational burden of computing the structure geometry and applying electromagnetic simulation within the measurement optimization loop makes this method impractical for many real-time measurement applications. A variety of alternative approaches have been developed to avoid the computational bottleneck, but usually at the expense of compromised measurement performance.
One alternative approach is to replace the exact theoretical model with an approximate model that represents the optical signal characteristic as a linear function of measurement parameters over some limited parameter range. There are several variants of this approach, including Inverse Least Squares (ILS), Principal Component Regression (PCR), and Partial Least Squares (PLS) (Ref""s 1-5, 7, 11, 15). The linear coefficients of the approximate model are determined by a multivariate statistical analysis technique that minimizes the mean-square error between exact and approximate data points in a xe2x80x9ccalibrationxe2x80x9d data set. (The calibration data may be generated either from empirical measurements or from exact theoretical modeling simulations. This is done prior to measurement, so the calibration process does not impact measurement time.) The various linear models (ILS, PCR, PLS) differ in the type of statistical analysis method employed.
There are two fundamental limitations of the linear models: First, the linear approximation can only be applied over a limited range of measurement parameter values; and second, within this range the approximate model does not generally provide an exact fit to the calibration data points. (If the calibration data is empirically determined, one may not want the model to exactly fit the data, because the data could be corrupted by experimental noise. But if the data is determined from a theoretical model it would be preferable to use an approximation model that at least fits the calibration data points.) These deficiencies can be partially remedied by using a non-linear (e.g., quadratic) functional approximation (Ref. 7). This approach mitigates, but does not eliminate, the limitations of linear models.
The parameter range limit of functional (linear or non-linear) approximation models can be extended by the method of xe2x80x9crange splittingxe2x80x9d, wherein the full parameter range is split into a number of subranges, and a different approximate model is used for each subrange (Ref. 7). The method is illustrated conceptually in FIG. 1 (cf. FIG. 2 in Ref. 7), which represents the relationship between a measurement parameter x, such as a linewidth parameter, and an optical signal characteristic y, such as the zeroth-order sample reflectivity at a particular collection angle and wavelength. (In practice one is interested in modeling the relationship between multiple measurement parameters, such as linewidths, film thicknesses, etc., and multiple signal components, such as reflectivities at different wavelengths or collection angles. However, the concepts illustrated in FIG. 1 are equally applicable to the more general case.) A set of calibration data points (e.g., point 101) is generated, either empirically or by theoretical modeling. The x parameter range is split into two (or more) subranges 102 and 103, and the set of calibration points is separated into corresponding subsets 104 and 105, depending on which subrange each point is in. A statistical analysis technique is applied to each subset to generate a separate approximation model (e.g., a linear model) for each subrange, such as linear model 106 for subrange 102 and model 107 for subrange 103.
Aside from the limitations inherent in the functional approximation models, the range-splitting method has additional deficiencies. Although the functional approximation is continuous and smooth within each subrange, it may exhibit discontinuities between subranges (such as discontinuity 108 in FIG. 1). These discontinuities can create numerical instabilities in optimization algorithms that estimate measurement parameters from optical signal data. The discontinuities can also be problematic for process monitoring and control because small changes in process conditions could result in large, discontinuous jumps in measurements.
Another drawback of the range-splitting model is the large number of required calibration points and the large amount of data that must be stored in the model. In the FIG. 1 illustration, each subrange uses a simple linear approximation model of the form
y≅ax+bxe2x80x83xe2x80x83Eq. 1
wherein a and b are calibration coefficients. At least two calibration points per subrange are required to determine a and b (generally, more than two are used to provide good statistical sampling over each subrange), and two coefficients (a and b) must be stored for each subrange. If there are M subranges the total number of calibration points must be at least 2 M, and the number of calibration coefficients is 2 M. Considering a more general situation in which there are N measurement parameters X1, X2, . . . XN, the linear approximation would take the form
y≅a1x1+a2x2+ . . . aNxN+bxe2x80x83xe2x80x83Eq. 2
If the range of each parameter is split into M subranges, the number of separate linear approximation models required to cover all combinations of parameter subranges would be MN, and the number of calibration parameters per combination (a1, a2, . . . , aN, b) would be N+1. Thus the total number of calibration coefficients (and the minimum required number of calibration data points) would be (N+1) MN. For example, FIG. 2 illustrates a parameter space spanned by two parameters, x1 and x2. The x1 range is split into three subranges 201, 202, and 203, and the x2 subrange is split into three subranges 204, 205, and 206. For this case, N=2, M=3, the number of x1 and x2 subrange combinations 207 . . . 215 is 32=9, and the number of linear calibration coefficients would be (2+1) 32=27. Generalizing further, if the optical signal characteristic (y) comprises multiple signal components (e.g., for different wavelengths), the number of calibration coefficients will increase in proportion to the number of components. Furthermore, if a nonlinear (e.g., quadratic) subrange model is used, the number of calibration points and coefficients would be vastly larger.
Another measurement approach, Minimum Mean Square Error analysis (MMSE, Ref""s 2-9, 11, 13, 15), provides a simple alternative to the range splitting method described above. With this approach, a database of pre-computed theoretical optical signal characteristics representing a large variety of measurement structures is searched and compared to a samples"" measured optical signal, and the best-fitting comparison (in terms of a mean-square-error fitting criterion) determines the measurement result. (The above-noted references relate primarily to scatterometry and spectroscopy, but MMSE-type techniques have also been applied in the context of ellipsometry; see Ref""s. 12 and 16.) The MMSE method is capable of modeling strong nonlinearities in the optical signal. But this method, like range-splitting, can exhibit problematic discontinuities in the measurement results due to the database""s discrete parameter sampling.
All of these prior-art methods entail a compromise between measurement resolution and accuracy. The MMSE approach is not limited by any assumed functional form of the optical signal, and can therefore have good accuracy. But measurement resolution is fundamentally limited by the parameter sampling density. The functional approximation models, by contrast, are capable of xe2x80x9cinterpolatingxe2x80x9d between calibration data points, in the sense that the modeled signal is a continuous and smooth function of measurement parameters across the calibration range; hence such models can have essentially unlimited measurement resolution. However, the term xe2x80x9cinterpolationxe2x80x9d is a misnomer in this context because the functional models do not accurately fit the calibration data points, and their accuracy is limited by the misfit. (For example, Ref. 11 reports a fit accuracy of 5-10 nm for linewidth and thickness parameters.)
References
1. R. H. Krukar et al, xe2x80x9cUsing Scattered Light Modeling for Semiconductor Critical Dimension Metrology and Calibration,xe2x80x9d SPIE 1926, pp. 60-71 (1993).
2. C. J. Raymond et al, xe2x80x9cA scatterometric sensor for lithography,xe2x80x9d SPIE Proc. 2336, pp. 37-49 (1994).
3. C. J. Raymond et al, xe2x80x9cMetrology of subwavelength photoresist gratings using optical scatterometry,xe2x80x9d J. Vac. Sci. Technol. B, Vol. 13(4), pp. 1484-1495 (1995).
4. M. R. Murname et al, xe2x80x9cScatterometry for 0.24 um-0.70 um developed photoresist metrology,xe2x80x9d SPIE Proc. 2439, pp. 427-436 (1995).
5. M. R. Murname et al, xe2x80x9cSubwavelength photoresist grating metrology using scatterometry,xe2x80x9d SPIE Proc. 2532, pp. 251-261 (1995).
6. C. J. Raymond et al, xe2x80x9cMulti-parameter process metrology using scatterometry,xe2x80x9d SPIE Proc. 2638, pp. 84-93 (1995).
7. J. Bischoff et al, xe2x80x9cPhotoresist metrology based on light scattering,xe2x80x9d SPIE Proc. 2725, pp. 678-689 (1996).
8. C. J. Raymond et al, xe2x80x9cMulti-parameter CD measurements using scatterometry,xe2x80x9d SPIE Proc. 2725, pp. 698-709 (1996).
9. C. J. Raymond et al, xe2x80x9cScatterometry for CD measurements of etched structures,xe2x80x9d SPIE Proc. 2725, pp. 720-728 (1996).
10. B. K. Minhas et al, xe2x80x9cTowards sub-0.1 um CD measurements using scatterometry,xe2x80x9d SPIE Proc. 2725, pp. 729-739 (1996).
11. J. Bischoff et al, xe2x80x9cLight scattering based micrometrology,xe2x80x9d SPIE Proc. 2775, pp. 251-259 (1996).
12. Xinhui Niu, xe2x80x9cSpecular Spectroscopic Scatterometry in DUV Lithography,xe2x80x9d SPIE 3677, pp. 159-168 (1999).
13. J. Allgair et al, xe2x80x9cManufacturing Considerations for Implementation of Scatterometry for Process Monitoring,xe2x80x9d Proc. SPIE 3998, pp. 125-134 (2000).
14. Conrad, U. S. Pat. No. 5,963,329.
15. McNeil, U.S. Pat. No. 5,867,276.
16. Xu, WO 99/45340.
17. Handbook of Optics, Second Edition, Volume 2, Optical Society of America (1995).
18. xe2x80x9cFormulation and comparison of two recursive matrix algorithms for modeling layered diffraction gratingsxe2x80x9d, Journal of the Optical Society of America, Vol. A 13, No. 5, May 1996.
The invention is a method for measuring parameters of interest of a sample comprising a diffractive structure, wherein the method employs a database-search technique in combination with interpolation to avoid the tradeoff between measurement resolution and accuracy. Following is a summary outline of the steps of the method, which will later be individually described in more detail. (The steps need not be performed in the exact order indicated here, except to the extent that dependencies between steps constrain their order.)
First, a theoretical model is provided, from which a theoretical optical response characteristic of the diffractive structure is calculable as a function of a set of one or more xe2x80x9cinterpolation parametersxe2x80x9d corresponding to measurement parameters. The theoretical model comprises two primary components: a method for translating
any trial set of interpolation parameter values into a computer-representable model of the diffractive structure (including its optical materials and geometry), and a method for numerically simulating electromagnetic interactions within the diffractive structure to calculate the theoretical response characteristic.
Next, a database of xe2x80x9cinterpolation pointsxe2x80x9d and corresponding optical response characteristics is generated. Each interpolation point is defined by a specific interpolation parameter set consisting of specific values of the interpolation parameters. The theoretical model is applied to each interpolation point to calculate its corresponding theoretical optical response characteristic, which is stored in the database.
The database is used by an xe2x80x9cinterpolation modelxe2x80x9d, which calculates an interpolated optical response characteristic as a function of the interpolation parameter set. The interpolation model provides an approximation to the theoretical model, but without the computational overhead. Given any trial interpolation parameter set within a defined parameter domain, the interpolation model computes an approximate corresponding optical response characteristic by interpolating (or perhaps extrapolating) on the database. (The parameter domain is typically limited by the database, although extrapolation can sometimes be used to extend the domain outside of the database limits. The term xe2x80x9cinterpolationxe2x80x9d can be broadly construed herein to include extrapolation.) The diffractive structure""s internal geometry need not be modeled, and electromagnetic interactions within the structure need not be simulated, in the interpolation model. Thus the computational overhead of direct theoretical modeling of the diffractive structure is avoided. The interpolation model represents a substantially continuous function mapping the interpolation parameter set to the optical response characteristicxe2x80x94it does not exhibit the discontinuities or discretization of prior-art methods such as range-splitting and MMSE. Furthermore, although the interpolation is an approximation, the interpolated optical response characteristic accurately matches the theoretical optical response characteristic at the interpolation points represented in the database. Thus it does not suffer the accuracy limitation of prior-art functional approximation methods. (The term xe2x80x9cinterpolationxe2x80x9d broadly connotes a fitting function that fits the interpolation points. A portion of the fitting function might actually be extrapolated, so in this context the distinction between xe2x80x9cinterpolationxe2x80x9d and xe2x80x9cextrapolationxe2x80x9d is not significant.)
The interpolation model is used by a fitting optimization algorithm that determines measurement parameters of a sample based on a measured optical signal characteristic of the sample. The theoretical optical response characteristic, which is approximated by the interpolation model, does not necessarily correspond directly to the optical signal characteristic or to a measurable quantity. However, a predicted optical signal characteristic is calculable from the optical response characteristic by means of a computationally efficient algorithm that, like interpolation, does not require that the diffractive structure""s internal geometry be modeled or that electromagnetic interactions within the structure be simulated. The optimization algorithm automatically selects a succession of trial interpolation parameter sets, applies the interpolation model to calculate corresponding interpolated optical response characteristics, and from these calculates corresponding predicted optical signal characteristics, which are compared to the measured optical signal characteristic. The algorithm selects the trial parameter sets, based on a comparison error minimization method, to iteratively reduce a defined comparison error metric until a defined termination criterion is satisfied.
The measured optical signal characteristic is acquired with a measurement instrument comprising an optical sensor system, which detects radiation diffracted from the sample. The instrument further comprises computational hardware that applies the fitting optimization algorithm to measured signal data and generates measurement results. Subsequent to results generation, the instrument may also generate a computational or graphical representation of the diffractive structure""s geometry. However, this representation is not necessarily required to calculate a corresponding predicted optical response or signal characteristic, and it need not correspond to a particular parameter set in the database.In the design of the pixel display matrix of the thin film transistor liquid crystal display, It is necessary to carry out a centralized fan-shaped wiring process for a bonding region of a driving integrated circuit, since the distances outputted from the driving integrated circuit to each of the display traces are different, so that the align of the resistance of the fan-shaped region cannot be achieved, thus causing the delay degree of the voltage change of each display traces is not the same, finally make the charging time of each display traces is not consistency and causing color shift, the more the outputting routes of the driving integrated circuit, the more the resistance difference of the fan-out traces in the fan-shaped region, the even more of the delay degree of the voltage change of each display traces, and more seriously color shift.
Conventionally, by usually adapting changing the material of the display traces to reduce the difference of the resistance of the traces, or by reducing the number of the outputting routes of the driving integrated circuit to reduce the interval of the fan-shaped region, by reducing the distance difference of the display traces to reduce the difference of the resistance of the traces. But changing the material of the display traces, the support of the TFT-LCD process is needed, and the change of the process and the issues dealing with the process yield will raise a great cost problem, and reducing the number of the outputting routes of the driving integrated circuit will be corresponding increasing the number of the driving integrated circuit, and leading to increase costs, so the conventional method for improving color shift is costly.The invention relates generally to mobile (cellular) telephone communications services. More specifically, the invention relates to methods and systems that enable businesses to subscribe to a mobile telephone service that allows subscriber's to a mobile telephone service provider to place a telephone call to a business and not have their allotted contract airtime minutes (subscriber-based measured-per-minute call charge) debited.
Presently, mobile telephone service provider subscriber service contracts include a predetermined number of contracted-for airtime minutes. When a subscriber (customer) uses more than their allotted airtime minutes in a given billing period, the over minutes are charged at an inflated rate. Therefore, subscribers usually monitor their airtime minute usage to prevent over minutes, or if their airtime use warrants it, change to a service plan that includes more airtime minutes.
Calling businesses for general information, pricing inquiries and orders from a mobile telephone consumes airtime minutes. Especially if a call is placed on hold for several minutes.
Due to the proliferation of mobile telephone service, many consumers are dropping landline telephone services. This becomes more troublesome for business owners. If consumers minimize time spent shopping from one business to another due to mobile telephone airtime minute usage, business in general suffers and competition between like businesses is affected.
What is desired are methods and systems that forward a call placed from a mobile telephone to a preexisting business landline telephone number not using airtime minutes.This application relates to the discovery and asexual propagation of a new and distinct variety of plum, Prunus salicina cv. ‘Suplumfiftythree’. The new variety was first originated by hybridization in July 2014 by Terry A. Bacon as breeder number ‘PL1687RB’.
The new variety ‘Suplumfiftythree’ is characterized by having large, juicy fruit with black skin and red flesh. The fruit of the new variety ‘Suplumfiftythree’ also has a high Brix:Acid ratio, firm flesh, a mild sweet flavor and a stone that clings to the flesh.
The seed parent is ‘PL761RB’ (unpatented breeding selection), and the pollen parent ‘PL674RZ’ (unpatented breeding selection). The parent varieties were first crossed in February 2011, with the date of first sowing being February 2012, and the date of first flowering being February 2014. The new plum variety ‘Suplumfiftythree’ was first asexually propagated by Terry Bacon near Wasco, Kern County, Calif. in February 2015 by dormant grafting.
The new variety ‘Suplumfiftythree’ is similar to its pollen parent ‘PL674RZ’ in that the fruit of both varieties has red flesh. The new variety ‘Suplumfiftythree’ differs from ‘PL674RZ’ in that the fruit of the new variety has a black skin compared to red-dapple skin for the fruit of ‘PL674RZ’. Further, the fruit of the new variety ‘Suplumfiftythree’ is larger at 140 g compared to 100 g for ‘PL674RZ’.
The new variety ‘Suplumfiftythree’ is similar to its seed parent ‘PL761RB’ in that the fruit of both varieties has red flesh and black skin. The new variety ‘Suplufiftythree’ differs from its seed parent ‘PL6761RB’ in that for the new variety ripening time starts 9 days later than for ‘PL761RB’. Further, the fruit of the new variety ‘Suplumfiftythree’ is larger at 140 g compared to 130 g for ‘PL761RB’. The new variety ‘Suplufiftythree’ also differs from ‘PL761RB’ in that the brix:acid ratio is 34 for the new variety, compared to 21 for ‘PL761RB’.
The fruit of the new variety ‘Suplumfiftythree’ has similar black skin and red flesh as ‘Black Splendor’ (unpatented). However, the new variety ‘Suplumfiftythree’ differs from ‘Black Splendor’ in that the new variety starts ripening about 7 days later than ‘Black Splendor’. In addition, the new variety has larger fruit at about 140 g compared 135 g for ‘Black Splendor’. The new variety ‘Suplumfiftythree’ has a brix of 17 degrees, while ‘Black Splendor’ has a brix of 14 degrees. The fruit of the new variety ‘Suplumfiftythree’ has black skin like the fruit of ‘Owen-T’ (unpatented), but the ripening of the new variety ‘Suplumfiftythree’ starts about 18 days later than ‘Owen-T’. Further, the fruit of the new variety ‘Suplumfiftythree’ has red flesh compared to yellow flesh for ‘Owen-T’.
The new variety ‘Suplumfiftythree’ has been shown to maintain its distinguishing characteristics through successive asexual propagations by, for example, cuttings and grafting.This invention relates to connecting assemblies and, more particularly, to quick release connecting assemblies provided for connecting a second member at a right angle to a first member, and to such connecting assemblies which permit connection and disconnection by access to a point spaced from the point of connection.
Previous connecting assemblies providing for connection of a second member to a first member have required access to the point of connection in order to connect and disconnect the second member from the first member. In one such assembly 200, as illustrated in FIG. 5 of the drawings, a second member 204 was connected to a first member 208 by means of a piece 212 connected to the first member 208. The piece 212 included a recess 216 which received an end 220 of the second member 204, and a screw 224 which was secured in a threaded bore 228 in the piece 212. The screw 224 projected into the recess 216 and was received in an opening 232 in the end 220 of the second member 204. More particularly, the first member 208 was received in a bore 236 in spaced-apart housings 240 and 244. The piece 212 connected to the first member 208 was located outside of the spaced-apart housings 240 and 244, and included a portion 248 extending at a right angle to the first member 208. The portion 248 included the recess 216 which received the end 220 of the second member 204. To connect or disconnect the second member 204 from the first member 208, access to the screw 224 was required to turn the screw 224 in the threaded bore 228 to thereby or withdraw the screw 224 from the opening 232 in the end 220 of the second member 204. The recess 216 was larger than the end 220 of the second member 204 so that the end 220 of the second member 204 could pivot on the screw 224 in the recess 216.
The first member 208 was secured in the housings 240 and 244 by the first piece 212 and a cotter pin, washer, and bow washer assembly 260 located on the first member 208 outside of the housings 240 and 244 opposite the first piece 212.
Attention is also directed to Conroy U.S. Pat. No. 2,887,083, issued May 19, 1959.Disclosed herein, in various embodiments, are stable, high performing nanoparticle compositions suitable for printing, such as by inkjet printing, as well as processes and devices for making and/or using the same.
Fabrication of electronic circuit elements using liquid deposition techniques may be beneficial as such techniques provide potentially low-cost alternatives to conventional mainstream amorphous silicon technologies for electronic applications such as thin film transistors (TFTs), light-emitting diodes (LEDs), RFID tags, photovoltaics, etc. However, the deposition and/or patterning of functional electrodes, pixel pads, and conductive traces, lines and tracks which meet the conductivity, processing, and cost requirements for practical applications have been a great challenge. The metal, silver (Ag), is of particular interest as conductive elements for electronic devices because silver is much lower in cost than gold (Au) and it possesses much better environmental stability than copper (Cu).
Silver nanoparticles have been extensively examined. However, previous ink compositions containing silver nanoparticles have typically had poor jettability, i.e. they could not be printed using conventional inkjet printing technologies. Typically, the ink would block the nozzle, drip out or dry out on the printer head, and/or the ink droplets would misfire. The printed features had low resolution and/or suffered from the “coffee ring” effect, wherein the particles in a given droplet end up along the circumference of the circle having a center where the droplet was deposited on the substrate (i.e. a non-uniform deposition). Ideally, deposited inkjet-printed lines should be smooth, even, and straight.
Jettable ink compositions would be desirable to enable drop-on-demand deposition and printing with functional features such as electrodes and interconnects for electronic devices.This application claims the benefit of Korean Application No. 2000-46938, filed Aug. 14, 2000, the disclosure of which is hereby incorporated herein by reference.
The present invention relates to semiconductor devices, and more particularly, to duty cycle correction circuits.
Recently, the speed of semiconductor memory devices, for example, dynamic random access memories (DRAMs), has increased to improve the performance of existing systems. However, increasing demand for improved systems may require DRAMs that can process even more data at even higher speeds. Accordingly, synchronous dynamic random access memories (SDRAMs) that operate in synchronization with system clocks have been developed for a high-speed operation, thus significantly increasing data transmission speeds.
There are limitations on the amount of data that may be input to and/or output from a memory device per clock cycle of a system clock. To address these limitations, dual data rate (DDR) SDRAMs have been recently developed in order to further increase the transmission speed of data. DDR SDRAMS input and/or output data in synchronization with both the rising edge and the falling edge of a clock.
Reliable data transmission is possible when the duty cycle of a clock signal is equivalent at 50%, which is ideal, in a DDR SDRAM or a direct rambus dynamic random access memory (RDRAM). Thus, when a signal having a duty cycle that is not equivalent, i.e. greater than or less than 50%, is provided as an input, the signal typically does not perform very well as an input signal. Duty cycle correction circuits have been developed to address this problem.
A block diagram of a conventional duty cycle correction circuit is illustrated in FIG. 1. A duty cycle correction circuit includes a duty cycle corrector 10 and a detection circuit 13. The duty cycle corrector 10 generates a pair of complementary input signals IN and INB, from which distortion is typically removed, in response to first and second complementary clock signals CLK and CLKB, having distortion resulting from nonequivalent duty cycles. The detection circuit 13 feeds back first and second detection signals DETECT and DETECTB obtained by detecting distortion in the duty cycles of the complementary pair of input signals IN and INB of the correction circuit 10 in response to the pair of complementary input signals IN and INB.
Now referring to FIG. 2, a circuit diagram of a conventional detection circuit 13 of FIG. 1 will be discussed. When mismatching exists among diode-connected loads M1 and M4, cross-coupled loads M2 and M3, source coupled pairs M5 and M6, and/or the respective transistors in the detection circuit 13, increased distortion may occur in the duty cycles of the pair of complementary input signals IN and INB due to mismatching of the respective transistors, even though less distortion is present in the duty cycles of the complementary pair of clock signals CLK and CLKB.
Semiconductor devices according to embodiments of the present invention include a duty cycle correction circuit having a duty cycle corrector and a detection circuit. The duty cycle corrector generates a first input signal having a second duty cycle with a higher degree of equivalence than the first duty cycle in response to a first detection signal and a first control signal having a first duty cycle. The detection circuit generates the first detection signal in response to the first input signal. The detection circuit includes a current source having first and second current sources and a bias circuit that is electrically coupled to the first and second current sources and controls a bias of the first and the second current sources responsive to the first input signal.
In some embodiments of the present invention, the duty cycle corrector further generates a second input signal having a fourth duty cycle with a higher degree of equivalence than the third duty cycle in response to a second detection signal and a second control signal having a third duty cycle. The detection circuit, in other embodiments of the present invention, further generates the second detection signal in response to the second input signal.
In further embodiments of the present invention, the duty cycle correction circuit includes a load matching circuit that is electrically coupled to the first and second current sources and matches a load of the bias circuit in response to the second input signal.
In still further embodiments of the present invention, the first control signal is a true clock signal and the second control signal is a complementary clock signal. Furthermore, the first and second input signals are complementary signals and the first and second detection signals are complementary signals.
In some embodiments of the present invention, the duty cycle correction circuit further includes a first output driver circuit that pulls the first detection signal up or down in response to the first input signal and a second output driver circuit that pulls a second detection signal up or down in response to a second input signal. The current generated by the current source is supplied to the first output driver circuit, the second output driver circuit and the bias circuit responsive to a bias voltage. The bias voltage may be a voltage at a first node during a period and is calculated according to the equation VNODB+VNODCxe2x88x92VDDxe2x88x92GND. VNODB is the voltage at a second node, VNODC is the voltage at a third node, VDD is a source voltage, and GND is a ground voltage.1. Field
Subject matter disclosed herein relates to monitoring a concentration of an analyte in a physiological compartment.
2. Information
The pancreas of a normal healthy person produces and releases insulin into the blood stream in response to elevated blood plasma glucose levels. Beta cells (β-cells), which reside in the pancreas, produce and secrete insulin into the blood stream as it is needed. If β-cells become incapacitated or die, a condition known as Type 1 diabetes mellitus (or in some cases, if β-cells produce insufficient quantities of insulin, a condition known as Type 2 diabetes), then insulin may be provided to a body from another source to maintain life or health.
Traditionally, because insulin cannot be taken orally, insulin has been injected with a syringe. More recently, the use of infusion pump therapy has been increasing in a number of medical situations, including for delivering insulin to diabetic individuals or trauma patients. As of 1995, less than 5% of Type 1 diabetic individuals in the United States were using infusion pump therapy. Presently, over 7% of the more than 900,000 Type 1 diabetic individuals in the U.S. are using infusion pump therapy. The percentage of Type 1 diabetic individuals that use an infusion pump is growing at a rate of over 2% each year. Moreover, the number of Type 2 diabetic individuals is growing at 3% or more per year, and growing numbers of insulin-using Type 2 diabetic individuals are also adopting infusion pumps. Additionally, physicians have recognized that continuous infusion can provide greater control of a diabetic individual's condition, so they too are increasingly prescribing it for patients.
External infusion pumps are typically provided to control a rate of insulin infusion based, at least in part, on blood glucose measurements obtained from metered blood glucose samples (e.g., finger stick samples) or from processing signals received from a blood glucose sensor attached to a patient to provide sensor glucose measurements. By processing signals from such a blood glucose sensor, a patient's blood glucose level may be continuously monitored to reduce a frequency of obtaining metered blood glucose sample measurements from finger sticks and the like. However, measurements of blood glucose concentration obtained from processing signals from blood glucose sensors may not be as accurate or reliable as blood glucose sample measurements obtained from finger stick samples, for example. Also, parameters used for processing blood glucose sensors for obtaining blood glucose measurements may be calibrated from time to time using metered blood glucose sample measurements as reference measurements obtained from finger sticks and the like.The present invention relates to projectiles and in particular to a projectile having a cavity containing a fluid.
To obtain a satisfactory range from a projectile it is necessary to stabilize its orientation to prevent excessive yaw or pitch. While judicious design of the center of gravity or the inclusion of fins may provide an aerodynamic moment which assures stability, a large class of projectiles rely on spin stabilization. Through the use of rifling, a launched projectile is spun about its longitudinal axis so that it exhibits the wellknown gyroscopic effect. To ensure that a projectile is gyroscopically stabilized its spin rate must exceed a minimum which is determined by factors such as its mass distribution.
A specific cannon or gun having standard rifling does not have the ability to adjust the spin rate or the stability of various projectiles. In order to vary the spin rate a known barrel employed two interlaced riflings having differing twist rates. A projectile having engravings matching the appropriate one of the riflings is manually inserted therein. This approach however, does not allow continuous adjustment of spin rate and does not affect projectile stabilizing characteristics such as its mass distribution. In a known projectile, a slipping obturator is used to reduce the spin rate. This apparatus is exposed to high stress and does not provide for adjustment of stabilizing factors such as the mass distribution of the projectile. In a known launcher, its barrel is spun at a rate appropriate for the projectile being fired. While the spin rate can be adjusted in this apparatus, the highest rate attainable is limited and wear is a problem.
The present invention provides a projectile whose flight stability is controlled by a fluid disposed in a cavity of the projectile. The cavity is arranged to allow shifting of the fluid. The resulting mass redistribution can affect flight stability by altering the moment of inertia or the center of gravity as the projectile is trajected. Such mass redistribution can be utilized to increase or decrease the flight stability, in various embodiments. Also, prior to launch the flight stability can be set by the simple expedient of selecting a specific volume or density of fluid. The setting of stability in this fashion may be performed in the factory or in the field. This latter feature is also useful where a standard shell is to be fitted with any one of variously shaped explosives of differing densities.
In addition, for some embodiments the fluid employed may be a liquid explosive so that dead weight is avoided.
Moreover this shifting of fluid may be arranged to facilitate high angular acceleration during launch, thereby ensuring rapic attainment of the rated spin rate. In some embodiments the fluid shift may occur over a predetermined interval so that the projectile stability varies throughout its trajectory. This feature may be important where it is desired to destabilize the projectile and cause it to fall when it reaches a target.To enable wireless device mobility, access nodes in communication with a wireless device are configured to perform a handover of the wireless device to another access node. Some access nodes can be further configured to maintain an indication of proximate access nodes, such as a neighbor relation table or another similar indication, and the indication of proximate access nodes can be used to facilitate a wireless device handover. Configuring the indication of proximate access nodes is typically performed manually by a network provider for each access node deployed in a communication system. Further, the presence of invalid entries, such as a false indication that an access node is capable of supporting a handover from another access node, can degrade network performance by causing interrupted communication sessions and failed handover attempts.1. Field of the Invention
This invention relates to basketball practice devices, and more particularly to a basketball hoop assembly which permits greater basketball accuracy by utilizing a plurality of hoop sizes during the practice sessions.
2. Prior Art
Basketball players have been attempting for generations to improve their shooting capabilities. In addition to long hours of shooting practice, basketball players and inventors have attempted to provide devices for helping the players achieve their aims. One such early device is shown in U.S. Pat. No. 1,904,836 to Peoples. A standard basketball hoop is attached to a backboard. An inner ring, is attached by hook means to the standard basketball ring, so as to present a smaller hoop within the larger hoop.
A further device of a multiple hoop nature, is shown in U.S. Pat. No. 2,918,283 to Marschalk. This patent shows a basketball practice device with a C-shaped ring which is connectively attached to the top side of a regulation sized basketball hoop. This upper- most ring has a frontal segment which is missing. The gap or open segment in the top most ring permits manipulation of the ring so as to easily remove it or attach it to the regular ring.
U.S. Pat. No. 4,613,135 to Rush shows a ring replacement arrangement to enable players to change from the standard diameter ring to a larger diameter ring f or players of limited ability.
U.S. Pat. No. 2,694,572 to Crisp shows a basketball practice device comprising a plurality of concentric rings which are supported upon the top of a hoop to facilitate the rebounding of the basketball. U.S. Pat. No. 3,348,840 to Dix shows a rebounding apparatus which attaches to the top of a basketball hoop to permit the basketball to bounce back from the top of the ring.
Breakaway or slam-dunk mechanisms are somewhat more recent. U.S. Pat. No. 4,365,802 to Ehrat shows a swingable mount for a basketball hoop. A large compression spring is attached to the backside of the basketball board. A shaft through the spring attaches through the board into the basketball hoop. The spring permits a resilient return of the hoop once it has been knocked out of place and down angularly. U.S. Pat. No. 4,438,923 to Engle et al shows a shock absorber set up to permit pivoting of a single basketball hoop about an axis.
A further breakaway arrangement for a basketball hoop, is shown in U.S. Pat. No. 4,534,556 to Estlund et al having a backboard with a tension spring extending therethrough and a release finger which holds the basketball hoop within its regular position. Force on the basketball hoop causes the finger to release and tension on the spring keeps the basketball hoop from excessive movement. Another breakaway basketball device is shown in U.S. Pat. No. 4,676,503 to Mahoney wherein an arrangement of springs or lever arms work adaptively to permit a basketball hoop to pivot in front of the backboard.
U.S. Pat. No. 4,465,277 to Dittrich shows a somewhat complicated basketball goal structure wherein a plurality of parallel arm linkages and shock absorbers are arranged to hold a basketball hoop an elongated distance from the support.
It is an object of the present invention to provide a basketball hoop arrangement which facilitates basketball players improvement in "making a basket" on a regulation size rim.
It is a further object of the present invention to provide a kit wherein a basketball assembly has a series of improvement capabilities which are stepped so as to permit a gradual sharpening of a shooters skill.
It is yet a still further object of the present invention to provide an improved breakaway support for the basketball hoop assembly of the present invention.The present invention relates to an access controller and method for controlling access to a data store. In particular, the invention relates to a method operable in a mail client and a mail client for filtering incoming e-mail.
When an e-mail message is sent, a receiver can discover the sender""s e-mail address from the information attached to the e-mail message. Thus, the receiver may subsequently send as many mails as the receiver wishes to the sender. The receiver may also inform someone else of the sender""s e-mail address and third parties may also do the same. Normally this wouldn""t be a problem but there is an increasing amount of unsolicited and useless xe2x80x98Spamxe2x80x99 mail which can choke in-boxes (in-folders) and make it difficult for a receiver to discern real or important e-mail from junk-mail.
Accordingly, the present invention provides an access controller for a data store, said access controller being cooperable with means instantiable to send messages across a network to a plurality of clients and means instantiable to receive messages from said clients across said network, said access controller including: means instantiable to generate a token indicative of the number of times a client can access said data store; and authenticating means instantiable to validate any token included in a message from a client to allow or deny access to said data store and a method for controlling access to a data store comprising the steps of: generating a token indicative of the number of times a client can access said data store; and validating any token included in a message from a client to allow or deny access to said data store.
The invention enables the sender to control the ability of 3rd parties to successfully send e-mail or to enable the classification of real e-mail from unsolicited possibly junk-mail.The present invention comprises a new and distinct variety of Calibrachoa plant, botanically known as Calibrachoa spp., and referred to by the variety name ‘SAKCAL112’. ‘SAKCAL112’ originated from a hybridization made in 2008 in Kakegawa, Japan. The female parent was the proprietary hybrid Calibrachoa breeding line named ‘7-3B-1A’ and had a lavender, pink and rose flower color, large flower size and a mounding plant growth habit. The male parent was the proprietary hybrid Calibrachoa breeding line named ‘7B-16A-1’ characterized by its lavender flower color, medium flower size and a compact plant growth habit.
In November 2008, the parental lines ‘7-3B-1A’ and ‘7B-16A-1’ were crossed and 200 seeds were obtained. In February 2009, the F1 seed was sown in the greenhouse, cultivated and plant lines were produced with flower colors of rose, pink and lavender with a mounding and creeping plant growth habit. In May 2009, four plant lines were selected within the F1 plants that had lavender flowers and a compact plant growth habit. In June 2009, the four plant lines were intercrossed and 2,500 seeds were obtained from the group of F2 plants.
In August 2009, 500 seeds were sown in the greenhouse, cultivated and plant lines were produced with flower colors of lavender with a mounding and compact plant growth habit. In November 2009, the line ‘K2010-062’ was selected for its lavender flower color and compact plant growth habit.
In February 2010, line ‘K2010-062’ was first vegetatively propagated, cultivated and evaluated. In April 2010, line ‘K2010-062’ was confirmed to be fixed and stable. In July 2010, line ‘K2010-062’ was propagated and cultivated again to reconfirm the lines' stability. In November 2010, the line was confirmed to be fixed and stable. The line was subsequently named ‘SAKCAL112’ and its unique characteristics were found to reproduce true to type in successive generations of asexual propagation via vegetative cuttings in Salinas, Calif. Asexual propagation was performed via excising the terminal 1.0 inches to 1.5 inches of an actively growing stem of the variety.As the value and use of information continues to increase, individuals and businesses seek additional ways to process and store information. One option available to users is information handling systems. An information handling system generally processes, compiles, stores, and/or communicates information or data for business, personal, or other purposes thereby allowing users to take advantage of the value of the information. Because technology and information handling needs and requirements vary between different users or applications, information handling systems may also vary regarding what information is handled, how the information is handled, how much information is processed, stored, or communicated, and how quickly and efficiently the information may be processed, stored, or communicated. The variations in information handling systems allow for information handling systems to be general or configured for a specific user or specific use such as financial transaction processing, airline reservations, enterprise data storage, or global communications. In addition, information handling systems may include a variety of hardware and software components that may be configured to process, store, and communicate information and may include one or more computer systems, data storage systems, and networking systems.
An information handling system can include a communication interface for exchanging information with another information handling system. The communication interface can include a wireless interface utilizing radio signals to provide a data link between two or more information handling systems. The rate that information can be exchanged over a wireless data link is limited in part by the frequency of the radio signal used to carry the information, with higher frequencies generally capable of providing greater data throughput. For example, an extremely high frequency (EHF) wireless interface may operate at 60 gigahertz (GHz), a portion of the radio frequency spectrum known as the millimeter band.
The use of the same reference symbols in different drawings indicates similar or identical items.The hydroxyphenylpyruvate dioxygenases (HPPDs) are enzymes that catalyze the reaction in which para-hydroxyphenylpyruvate (HPP) is transformed into homogentisate. This reaction takes place in the presence of enzyme-bound iron (Fe2+) and oxygen. Herbicides that act by inhibiting HPPD are well known, and include isoxazoles, diketonitriles, triketones, and pyrazolinates (Hawkes “Hydroxyphenylpyruvate Dioxygenase (HPPD)—The Herbicide Target.” In Modern Crop Protection Compounds. Eds. Kramer and Schirmer. Weinheim, Germany: Wiley-VCH, 2007. Ch. 4.2, pp. 211-220) Inhibition of HPPD blocks the biosynthesis of plastoquinone (PQ) from tyrosine. PQ is an essential cofactor in the biosynthesis of carotenoid pigments which are essential for photoprotection of the photosynthetic centres. HPPD-inhibiting herbicides are phloem-mobile bleachers which cause the light-exposed new meristems and leaves to emerge white. In the absence of carotenoids, chlorophyll is photo-destroyed and becomes itself an agent of photo-destruction via the photo-generation of singlet oxygen.
Methods for providing plants that are tolerant to HPPD herbicides are also known. These methods have included: 1) overexpressing the HPPD enzyme so as to produce quantities of HPPD enzyme in the plant that are sufficient in relation to a given herbicide so as to have enough of the functional enzyme available for the plant to thrive despite the presence of the herbicide; and 2) mutating a particular HPPD enzyme into an enzyme that is less sensitive to inhibition by herbicides. Methods for mutating HPPD enzymes for improved HPPD herbicide tolerance have been described (see, e.g., PCT Application Nos. WO 99/24585 and WO 2009/144079), and some particular mutations of plant HPPD enzymes (e.g., mutation of G422 in the Arabidopsis HPPD sequence) are purportedly capable of providing some measure of tolerance to mesotrione and other triketone herbicides. However, the enzyme kinetic and whole plant data reported thus far are insufficient to conclude whether the reported mutational changes confer commercially significant benefits over the corresponding wild type enzyme(s).
Furthermore, while a particular HPPD enzyme may provide a useful level of tolerance to some HPPD-inhibitor herbicides, the same HPPD may be quite inadequate to provide commercial levels of tolerance to a different, more desirable HPPD-inhibitor herbicide (See, e.g., U.S. Patent Application Publication No. 20040058427; PCT Publication Nos. WO 98/20144 and WO 02/46387; see also U.S. Patent Application Publication No. 20050246800 relating to the identification and labelling of soybean varieties as being relatively HPPD tolerant). Moreover, mutated versions of HPPDs from cool-climate grasses with improved resistance to triketone-type herbicides have yet to be reported. Such mutants would be highly desirable, as HPPDs from cool-climate grasses are preferable to other types (see, e.g., PCT Application No. WO 02/46387 and Hawkes et al. 2001 in Proc. Brit. Crop Prot. Conf. Weeds 2, 563). Accordingly, new methods and compositions for conferring commercial levels of HPPD herbicide tolerance upon various crops and crop varieties are needed.Especially in the foundry field and, indeed, whenever sand castings are made, following the casting process a used sand becomes available which may have to be reprocessed, inter alia, to remove contaminants, and may have to be combined with new sand or fresh sand and, in some cases, with special sands for particular purposes in the foundry arts, before the sand is reused for the production of molds and the like.
Apparatus for the processing of sand, both used sand and new sand, generally comprises a housing having a sand inlet and a sand outlet.
The characteristics of the treated sand which are important are a uniform particle size, a freedom from detrimental contaminants, the presence of binder residues which may be advantageous, and, in the case of used sands, a freedom from dust, slime and the like. The product should also be free from large agglomerates and metal sputterings from the casting process as well as other impurities which may be detrimental to a subsequent casting process.
In the past the apparatus has been designed to free the sand from contaminants and thus prepare the sand for reuse, both in the case of used sand and in the case of mixtures of used sand with fresh or new sand.
By and large prior apparatuses for this purpose have proved to be unsatisfactory because the sand during the process was subjected to different temperatures and different humidity levels so that an optimal treatment could not be assured. Further a homogeneous reproducible product could not be ensured.Mastitis is an inflammation of the mammary gland of milk producing animals, for example dairy cows, most often caused by bacterial infection. Bacteria enter through the teat canal of the animal and can cause acute, clinical, or sub-clinical mastitis. Over 135 organisms have been documented as causative pathogens for bovine mastitis. Three of the major groups of pathogens are gram-positive cocci, gram-negative bacilli, and gram-positive bacilli. Hygiene, environmental factors, and metabolic disturbances deriving from high milk yield combine to create conditions favorable to the onset of mastitis. An increased somatic cell count, associated with mastitis, is positively correlated with infection and negatively correlated with milk production. Frequently, an infected cow must be removed from the herd and dried up. Mastitis often affects a cow during its entire life unless the disease is properly treated, and in extreme cases an animal may become so severely infected that she dies. Infection rates average from 10% to 30% of the cows in a typical herd, with losses per cow ranging from $185 to $250 per cow per year. Bovine mastitis is the most economically costly disease to the dairy industry, with losses estimated at two billion dollars annually in the United States alone. The majority of these losses are due to reduced milk production.
Intramammary administration of compositions comprising an antibiotic for prevention and treatment of mastitis in milk producing animals is well known. Several compositions suitable for such administration are formulated in aqueous based vehicles.
For example, British Patent Application No. 2,273,655 discloses compositions for intramammary use comprising an insoluble antibiotic in an aqueous suspension for treatment of mastitis.
International Patent Publication No. WO 95/31180 discloses a composition comprising the antibiotic cloxacillin benzathine in an aqueous base, and additionally a teat seal composition, in injectors for intramammary application.
European Patent Application No. 0 797 988 discloses a veterinary composition in the form of an aqueous gel containing an antibacterial agent, useful for intramammary administration for prevention and treatment of mastitis.
The chemical stability of many antibiotics is, however, severely limited in aqueous based compositions. Hence, a number of oil based formulations for treatment and/or prevention of mastitis have also been developed.
British Patent Application No. 1,456,349 discloses a composition of an anti-mastitis medicament dispersed in a gelled vehicle comprising a mineral oil or non-drying, semi-drying, or drying vegetable oil or a mixture thereof, other than a mixture of drying and semi-drying vegetable oils, and from 0.5% to 5% by weight of a fatty acid ester derived from a saturated or unsaturated monocarboxylic acid having from 12 to 20 carbon atoms, and glycerin, propylene glycol, a mono- or dihydric alcohol having from 1 to 12 carbon atoms, or a polyethylene glycol having a molecular weight of 200 to 6000. Such a composition is said to provide short milkout times.
European Patent Application No. 0 058 015 discloses an intramammary formulation comprising isoxazolyl penicillin and rifampicin in an acceptable carrier. This formulation is said to substantially eliminate intracellular staphylococci.
U.S. Pat. No. 5,342,612 to Daley et al. describes a composition comprising a potentiating or safening amount of an aqueous surfactant in combination with a tumor necrosis factor, wherein the surfactant is sterol, n-dodecylglucosid, decanoyl n-methylglucamid, dodecyl B-D-maltosid or octanoyl n-methylglucamid. Such a composition is said to provide an efficacious treatment for mastitis with minimal milk discard.
U.S. Pat. No. 4,073,920 to Dowrick discloses an intramammary composition comprising a suspension of a semi-solid synthetic penicillin in an oily vehicle that comprises triglycerides or propylene glycol diesters of fatty acids containing 8-10 carbon atoms. Such a composition is said to provide short milkout times and good stability and shelf life.
U.S. Pat. No. 5,064,815 to Szentmiklosi et al. relates to a primycin-containing colloidal basic gel comprising 5-30% of primycin and 95-70% of N-methyl-2-pyrrolidone.
International Patent Publication No. WO 88/01504 discloses an intramammary infusion comprising a first dosage unit comprising a pharmaceutically acceptable vehicle and a substance active against mammary infection, and a second, optional, dosage unit of active substance, the particles of which are microencapsulated within a membrane capable of degrading.
International Patent Publication No. WO 87/03876 discloses a veterinary composition for treatment of mammary disorders and keratoconjunctivitis comprising benzathine cephalothin and a veterinarily acceptable carrier.
British Patent Application No. 2,273,443 discloses a composition for treating mastitis, comprising an antibacterial and a seal comprising a polyethylene gel.
British Patent Application No. 2,273,441 discloses a composition for treating mastitis, comprising an antibacterial and a seal comprising a gel base containing a heavy metal salt.
British Patent Application No. 1,089,523 discloses a composition comprising an antibiotic in a hydrophobic viscous or gel base, and comprising in addition at least 10% by weight of a solid, finely divided physiologically innocuous non-gelling water soluble compound of average particle size below 150 microns.
U.S. Pat. No. 4,011,312 to Reuter & Tsuk discloses a prolonged release dosage form for treatment of mastitis consisting of an antimicrobial agent dispersed in a matrix of low molecular weight polyesters of glycolic and lactic acids, and shaped as a cylindrical bougie for insertion into the teat canal.
British Patent No. 1,589,917 discloses a composition comprising a crystalline sodium salt of clavulanic acid methyl ether and a pharmaceutically acceptable carrier. High tissue levels of medicament are said to be produced after administration.
European Patent Application No. 0 271 306 discloses a method of treating mammary disorders comprising administering an antibacterial in the form of particles, at least 65% of which have a size in the range 0-5 microns, suspended in a hydrophobic oily vehicle which comprises an oil and a gelling agent. Prolonged release of medicament is said to be achieved.
U.S. Pat. No. 4,172,138 to Rhodes discloses an infusion of a limited solubility penicillin salt in a slow release base, optionally with neomycin.
U.S. Pat. No. 3,636,194 to Parizeau discloses a composition for treating mastitis by intramammary infusion, comprising an antibiotic, a vegetable oil, an alcohol-soluble fraction of natural lecithin phospholipid material for promoting dispersion of the oil in milk, the phospholipid being selected from the group consisting of phosphatidyl choline and phosphatidyl ethanolamine and mixtures thereof and present in amount of at least 0.25% in said oil. Such compositions are said to provide rapid dispersion into milk and short milkout times.
British Patent Application 1,181,527 discloses a composition for treating mastitis comprising an active substance and a pharmaceutically acceptable oil base, said composition containing phospholipid material consisting substantially entirely of alcohol-soluble material for promoting dispersion of the composition in milk.
European Patent Application No. 0 222 712 discloses a composition which contains one or more antimicrobial agents dispersed in an oil consisting of a mixture of triglycerides of palmitic and stearic acid together with polyoxyethylenated cetyl alcohol and stearyl alcohol, and held in an oily medium of mineral, vegetable, synthetic or mixed extraction. Such compositions are said to speed up release of the antimicrobial agent in the udder, enhancing its biological potential, and reducing milkout time.
A Labrafil product brochure (Notice OL 0050/5th edition) from Gattefossé Corporation contains an extract from a thesis by Valette (1957), discussing characteristics of Labrafil™ M-1944CS in the ear canal. The same thesis describes an experiment involving injecting Labrafil™ M-1944CS mixed with gentian violet into a cow teat. It was shown that Labrafil™ wetted the entire surface of the mammary parenchyma section and reached the retromammary ganglion.
Non-aqueous aerosol mastitis formulations are disclosed in the patents cited individually below.
U.S. Pat. No. 3,135,658.
U.S. Pat. No. 3,144,386.
U.S. Pat. No. 3,347,743.
Canadian Patent No. 670,254.
British Patent No. 980,282.
In addition, amphipathic oils that are dispersible in water have been utilized in preparation of a number of pharmaceutical compositions not specifically developed for intramammary treatment and/or prevention of mastitis.
European Patent Application No. 0 982 035 discloses an alcohol free transparent solution which comprises a cyclosporin in a hydrophilic carrier medium comprising propylene glycol, a transesterification product of a natural vegetable oil triglyceride and a polyalkylene polyol, a polyoxyethylene hydrogenated castor oil product and triacetin.
International Patent Publication No. WO 00/48571 discloses a spontaneously dispersible composition for oral administration comprising N-benzoyl-staurosporine, a surfactant selected from the group consisting of a polyoxyethylene castor oil, a polyoxyethylene alkyl ether and a polysorbate and a transesterified ethoxylated vegetable oil as a co-surfactant.
U.S. Pat. No. 5,314,685 to Tyle et al. discloses a method of making an anhydrous formulation by preparing an anhydrous hydrophilic phase comprising at least one hydrophilic vehicle which is solubilizing at least one lipophilic pharmaceutically active agent, preparing an oily phase comprising at least one oily component which is partially miscible with the at least one hydrophobic vehicle and combining the oily phase with the anhydrous hydrophilic phase to form the anhydrous formulation.
European Patent No. 0 356 325 discloses a pharmaceutical composition for oral, topical, or parenteral administration containing a sparingly water-soluble active agent in an amount as high as 25% and at least one glyceride gelled with at least one cellulose polymer.
International Patent Publication No. WO 96/06598 describes pharmaceutical compositions for aerosol delivery comprising a medicament, a non-chlorofluorocarbon propellant, and a polyglycolized glyceride or derivative thereof.
U.S. Pat. No. 5,614,491 relates to a liquid preparation for oral and parenteral administration comprising a cyclosporin, a polyoxyethylene glycol fatty acid monoester, and a monohydric and/or polyhydric alcohol(s).
International Patent Publication No. WO 99/61025 discloses microemulsion proconcentrates with a piperidine substance P antagonist.
U.S. Pat. No. 6,054,136 describes compositions capable of forming a microemulsion, comprising an active principle, a lipophilic phase consisting of a mixture of fatty acid esters and glycerides, a surfactant, a cosurfactant, and a hydrophilic phase.
International Patent Publication No. WO 99/56727 discloses self-emulsifying microemulsion or emulsion preconcentrate compositions containing a poorly water soluble active agent, an effective amount of a low HLB oil component, and a surfactant system consisting essentially of at least one surfactant having an HLB of about 10 to 20, wherein the composition contains minor amounts or is substantially free of a hydrophilic solvent system.
European Patent Application No. 1 004 294 discloses a substantially anhydrous pharmaceutical composition comprising a nitric oxide donating compound, a mucoadhesive compound, and an emulsifier capable of forming a microemulsion on addition of water.
European Patent Application No. 0 265 044 describes (Nva)2-cyclosporin compositions for treatment of autoimmune diseases.
U.S. Pat. No. 4,388,307 to Cavanak discloses a pharmaceutical composition comprising an active monocyclic peptide and at least one of the following: a nonionic ester of a triglyceride and a polyalkylene polyol, a saturated fatty acid triglyceride, and a mono- or diglyceride having improved physical and absorption properties.
Two articles by Gao et al. (1995) in Pharmaceutical Research 12(6), 857-868, “Controlled release of a contraceptive steroid from biodegradable and injectable gel formulations: in vitro evaluation” and “Controlled release of a contraceptive steroid from biodegradable and injectable gel formulations: in vivo evaluation”, describe preparation of gels containing levonorgestrel, Labrafil™ M-1944CS, and glyceryl palmitostearate.
Formulations comprising an antibacterial agent and an anti-inflammatory agent, said to be suitable for otic administration to treat otic conditions, are disclosed in the patents and publications cited individually below.
U.S. Patent Publication No. 2002/142999.
U.S. Pat. No. 6,395,746 to Cagle et al.
U.S. Pat. No. 6,440,964 to Cagle et al.
U.S. Pat. No. 6,509,327 to Cagle et al.
International Patent Application No. WO 01/89495.
International Patent Application No. WO 01/89496.
European Patent No. 0 592 348.
All of the above patents and articles are incorporated herein by reference.
The most commonly used packaging containers and delivery devices for compositions intended for intramammary administration to treat and/or prevent mastitis in milk producing animals as well as for compositions for otic administration to treat ear infections are constructed of oxygen permeable plastic materials, for example polyethylene, polypropylene, etc. and mixtures thereof. The use of oxygen permeable packaging containers and delivery devices for anti-mastitis formulations and for compositions for treatment and prevention of ear infections, poses serious problems for long term chemical and/or physical stability of compositions comprising an ingredient, for example an active medicament or an excipient, that is prone to oxidative degradation.
Although the references cited above disclose a number of compositions for treatment of mastitis and other disease conditions, none addresses the problem of providing extended chemical and/or physical stability of compositions packaged in oxygen permeable containers, where the composition comprises a pharmaceutically active substance that is prone to oxidative degradation. Despite the above teachings, there still exists a need in the art for pharmaceutical compositions having one or more of the following advantages over prior art compositions used in treatment and prevention of mastitis by intramammary infusion: (a) extended chemical and/or physical stability even when packaged in oxygen permeable containers and delivery devices, particularly where the composition comprises a pharmaceutically active substance that is prone to oxidative degradation, (b) efficacy against a wide variety of infectious organisms, (c) rapid dispersibility in milk and in udder fluids to achieve efficacious medicament levels at sites of infection, (d) short milkout times for lactating cows, (e) zero day slaughter meat withdrawal period, (f) short milk withholding times post calving after dry cow treatment, and (g) minimal to no irritation after administration.1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates generally to uninterruptible power supplies. More specifically, the preferred embodiments of the present invention relate to an uninterruptible power supply with controllable leakage current.
2. Background Discussion
Uninterruptible power supplies (UPSs) are commonly used to provide power to critical equipment that must not experience even short duration brownouts or blackouts. For example, computer servers, computer networks, telecommunications electronics and medical devices are often powered by an uninterruptible power supply.
A UPS device typically has an AC-DC-AC converter and backup battery that is activated in case the alternating current (AC) line power is temporarily disconnected or falls below a voltage threshold.
FIG. 1 shows a conventional UPS circuit according to the background art. The conventional UPS circuit includes an input rectifier (having switches Q1, Q2) and an output inverter (having switches Q3, Q4) connected in series. The input rectifier converts AC input power to DC power, and the output inverter converts the DC power to AC output power. Typically, the switches Q1, Q2, Q3, Q4 will be MOSFET devices or insulated gate bipolar transistors (IGBTs), though switches Q1 Q2 can also be diodes. The switches Q1, Q2, Q3, Q4 are controlled by a gate drive circuit (not shown). Storage capacitors C1, C2 store DC power. Typically, an isolation transformer T is provided. The input rectifier switches Q1, Q2 receive AC line power and provide direct current (DC) power to the inverter switches Q3, Q4. The inverter switches Q3, Q4 are typically operated according to a pulse-width modulation (PWM) scheme. The PWM waveform is filtered by output inductor Lo and output capacitor Co to create a smooth AC output waveform. With this arrangement, the voltage and frequency of the AC output can be accurately controlled and will be independent of the AC input.
Leakage current is often a problem with the conventional circuit of FIG. 1 and similar UPS circuits. Leakage current results when AC signals (egg from the PWM waveform produced by the inverter switches Q3, Q4) couple to ground, the device chassis, or nearby electronic components. A typical UPS providing a kilowatt of power may experience several hundred microamperes of leakage current. In some applications, leakage current can produce ground loop currents, noise, and disturbances in sensitive electronic circuits. Leakage current is particularly a problem in medical device electronics because medical devices are often very sensitive to noise and ground loop current. Leakage current can be dangerous in medical applications as it may cause a malfunction of critical life support or monitoring equipment.
Accordingly, there is a need in the art for a UPS circuit that has reduced leakage current. It would be particularly beneficial to provide a UPS circuit that has a leakage current less than an adjustable maximum level. Also, it would be beneficial to provide a UPS circuit that allows the maximum leakage current to be controlled by a user.This invention relates to a structure with switchable magnetic properties.
In certain applications it is advantageous if the magnetic permeability of a material can be tailored for that application at least within a specified frequency range and more especially if its magnetic permeability could be switched between selected values. In our co-pending UK Patent Application No. 2346485 (International Patent Application No. WO 00/41270) and in a publication entitled Magnetism from Conductors and Enhanced Non-Linear Phenomena, IEEE Transaction on Microwave Theory and Techniques, 1999, 47, 2075-2084, J B Pendry, A J Holden, D J Robbins and W J Stewart, a structured material is disclosed which exhibits a magnetic permeability at a selected frequency, typically a microwave frequency (GHz). The content of these documents is hereby incorporated by way of reference thereto.
The structured material described in these documents comprises an array of capacitive elements which include a low resistance electrically conducting path and in which the elements are arranged such that a magnetic component of electromagnetic radiation within a selected frequency band induces an electrical current to flow around the path and through the associated element. The size of the elements and their spacing are selected such as to provide a selected magnetic permeability in response to the electromagnetic radiation. Such a structure allows a material to be fabricated which is designed to have a selected fixed magnetic permeability for a selected frequency of electromagnetic radiation.
As shown in FIGS. 1(a) and (b) one such structured material 2 comprises an array of capacitive elements 4 each of which consists of two concentric metallic electrically conducting cylindrical tubes: an outer cylindrical tube 6 and an inner cylindrical tube 8. Both tubes 6, 8 have a longitudinal (i.e running in an axial direction) gap 10 and the two gaps 10 are offset from each other by 180xc2x0. The elements 4 are arranged in a regular square array and are positioned on centres at a distance a apart. The outer tube 6 has a radius r and the inner 8 and outer 6 cylindrical tubes are separated by a distance d. The gap 10 prevents the flow of dc electrical current around either of the cylinders 6, 8. However the self capacitance between the two cylindrical tubes 6, 8 allows an ac current, j, to flow when the material is subjected to electromagnetic radiation 12 having a magnetic field component H which is parallel to the axis of the tubes 6, 8. It is shown that such a structure has an effective magnetic permeability xcexceff (xcfx89) which is given by:                                           μ            eff                    ⁡                      (            ω            )                          =                  1          -                      [                                                            π                  ⁢                                      xe2x80x83                                    ⁢                                      r                    2                                                                    a                  2                                                            1                +                                                      2                    ⁢                    σ                    ⁢                                          xe2x80x83                                        ⁢                    i                                                        ω                    ⁢                                          xe2x80x83                                        ⁢                                                                  r                        ⁢                        μ                                            0                                                                      -                                                      3                    ⁢                                          dc                      0                      2                                                                                                  π                      2                                        ⁢                                          ω                      2                                        ⁢                                          r                      3                                                                                            ]                                              Eq        .                  xe2x80x83                ⁢        1            
in which xcfx89 is the angular frequency, "sgr" the resistivity of the cylindrical tubes, i the {square root over (xe2x88x921)} and c0 the velocity of light. From Eq. 1 it can be seen that by appropriate selection of the size r and spacing a of the cylindrical tubes a structure having a selected magnetic permeability at a given frequency xcfx89 can be obtained.
For ease of fabrication it proposed in UK Patent Application No. 2346485 (International Patent Application No. WO 00/41270) to construct each capacitive element 4 in the form of a stack of concentric split rings 26, 28 as shown in FIGS. 2(a) and 2(b). A stack of such rings is shown to be equivalent to the concentric cylindrical tubes described above and has a magnetic permeability given by:                                           μ            eff                    ⁡                      (            ω            )                          =                  1          -                      [                                                            π                  ⁢                                      xe2x80x83                                    ⁢                                      r                    1                    2                                                                    a                  2                                                            1                +                                                                            2                      ⁢                                                                        l                          ⁢                          σ                                                1                                                                                    ω                      ⁢                                              xe2x80x83                                            ⁢                                              r                        1                                            ⁢                                              μ                        0                                                                              ⁢                  i                                -                                                      3                    ⁢                                          lc                      0                      2                                                                                                  πω                      2                                        ⁢                                          r                      1                      3                                        ⁢                                          ln                      [                                              xe2x80x83                                            ⁢                                                                        2                          ⁢                                                      c                            1                                                                                                    d                          1                                                                    ]                                                                                            ]                                              Eq        .                  xe2x80x83                ⁢        2            
where r1 is the inside radius of the inner ring 28, a the lattice spacing of the rings, l the separation between the rings in a given column in an axial direction, d1 the separation between the rings in a radial direction, c1 the width of each ring in a radial direction and "sgr"1 the resistance per unit length of each ring.
A further microstructured material described in United Kingdom Patent Application No. 2346485 (International Patent Application No. WO 00/41270) is constructed using a stack of conducting elements which comprise a single spiral shaped conductor 34 as illustrated in FIGS. 3(a) and 3(b).
It is also suggested that in United Kingdom Patent Application No. 2346485 (International Patent Application No. WO 00/41270) that the magnetic permeability of the structured material could he made to be switchable by incorporating an non-linear dielectric medium, such as Barium Strontium Titanate (BST) or other ferroelectric material, into the structure. The magnetic permeability of the structure is switched by changing the permittivity of the ferroelectric material by applying an electric field across the ferroelectric material. It is suggested that the ferroelectric material could be incorporated between the cylindrical tubes of each capacitive element (FIG. 1(b)) or between each of the concentric rings in a radial direction (FIG. 2(a)). The inclusion however of a ferroelectric material, such as BST, decreases the resonant frequency of the structure by a factor of more than 30 times. To increase the resonant frequency to a selected value to obtain the desired magnetic permeability at a given frequency requires the self capacitance of each capacitive element to be reduced by the same factor. When it is intended that the structured magnetic material is to operate at microwave frequency, that is in the GHz region, this would require a structure composed of capacitive elements which were impractical to fabricate. To overcome this problem it is proposed in United Kingdom Patent Application No. 2346485 (International Patent Application No. WO 00/41270) that the structure comprises an array of single, rather than concentric, cylindrical tubes each of which has two gaps running in an axial direction. A ferroelectric is provided in the gaps and the magnetic permeability switched by changing the permeability of the ferroelectric material using an electrical static switchable electric field. Although such a structured material is capable of operation at microwave frequencies it is impractical to fabricate capacitive elements sufficiently small for operation at radio frequencies in the MHz region. Furthermore even for microwave operation the construction of such a structured material is difficult and expensive.
The present invention has arisen in an endeavour to provide a structured material having a magnetic permeability which can be switched between selected values at a selected wavelength of operation, which can be readily fabricated and which is suitable for operation at radio frequencies (MHz).
According to the present invention there is provided a structure with switchable magnetic properties comprising an array of capacitive elements in which each capacitive element includes a low resistance conducting path and is such that a magnetic component of electromagnetic radiation lying within a predetermined frequency band induces an electrical current to flow around said path and through said associated element and wherein the size of the elements and their spacing apart are selected such as to provide a predetermined permeability in response to said received electromagnetic radiation, characterised in that each capacitive element comprises a plurality of stacked planar sections each of which comprises at least two concentric spiral conducting members which are electrically insulated from each other and which have a switchable permittivity material therebetween.
The magnetic permeability of the structure can be readily switched to a selected value by applying a static electric field across the switchable permittivity material. This is conveniently achieved by applying a dc voltage between the conducting spiral members of each capacitive element. In the context of this patent application the term spiral is to be construed broadly and is not restricted to a plane curve which is traced about a fixed point from which it continuously recedes. The term includes any unclosed loop of more than one turn which recedes away from a centre point. As such the term encompasses spirals which are square, rectangular, triangular, hexagonal or have other geometric forms.
Preferably the spirals are substantially circular in form. Alternatively they are square or rectangular in form.
Advantageously the switchable permittivity material comprises a ferroelectric material, preferably Barium Strontium Titanate. Alternatively it can comprise a liquid crystal.
Preferably the capacitive elements are arranged on a square array. Advantageously alternate spiral conducting members in a given row unwind in an opposite sense. With such an arrangement the structure advantageously further comprises electrically conducting connecting tracks connecting respective spiral members in a given column.
Preferably the structure is configured for operation at radio frequencies (MHz).
The structures of the invention are non-magnetic in a steady magnetic field.An inverter is a device for converting a direct current into an alternating current (a sine wave of 220V and 50 Hz in general), which includes an inverter unit, a filtering unit, a control unit, a converging unit, a booster unit, a communication unit, a switch fitting and other components, thereby achieving the objective to convert the direct current into the alternating current in coordination with all components.
A common inverter mainly includes a combined inverter and an integrated inverter. With the more and more requirements for a distributed power station, the combined inverter plays a more and more important role in the distributed power station. The combined inverter has advantages such as a wide voltage range from 250V to 800V, flexible component configuration, a small volume, light weight, convenient transportation, easy installation, small floor space, therefore, construction difficult of the combined inverter in various applications is low, and the combined inverter can be installed without a lifting apparatus.
However, as the power of the combined inverter is increased, the weight of the combined inverter becomes heavier and heavier, and the advantages of the combined inverter such as the flexible installation and convenient transportation are diminished, which does not facilitate installation and transportation in the construction site, and reduces applicability of the combined inverter having high power.
In view of the disadvantages of the combined inverter described above, it is urgent to provide a combined inverter which can achieve flexible installation and transportation.As compared to conventional cathode-ray tubes (CRTs) primarily used for realizing moving images, LCDs (Liquid Crystal Displays) have a drawback, so-called motion blur, which is the blurring of outline of a movement portion perceived by a viewer when displaying an image with movement. It is suggested that this motion blur arises from the LCD display mode itself (see, e.g., patent document 1 and non-patent document 1).
Since fluorescent material is scanned by an electron beam to cause emission of light for display in CRTs, the light emission of pixels is basically impulse-like although slight afterglow of the fluorescent material exists. This is called an impulse-type display mode. On the other hand, in the case of LCDs, an electric charge is accumulated by applying an electric field to liquid crystal and is retained at a relatively high rate until the next time the electric field is applied. Especially, in the case of the TFT mode, since a TFT switch is provided for each dot configuring a pixel and each pixel normally has an auxiliary capacity, the ability to retain the accumulated electric charge is extremely high. Therefore, the light emission is continued until the pixels are rewritten by the application of the electric field based on image information of the next frame or field (hereinafter, represented by the frame). This is called a hold-type display mode.
Since the impulse response of the image displaying light has a temporal spread in the above hold-type display mode, temporal frequency characteristics are deteriorated along with spatial frequency characteristics, resulting in the motion blur. That is, since the human eye can smoothly follow a moving object, if the light emission time is long as in the case of the hold type, movement of image seems jerky and unnatural due to a time integration effect.
To improve the motion blur in the above hold-type display mode, a frame rate (number of frames) is converted by interpolating an image between frames in a known technology. This technology is called FRC (Frame Rate Converter) and is put to practical use in liquid crystal display devices, etc.
Conventionally known methods of converting the frame rate include various techniques such as simply repeating read-out of the same frame for a plurality of times and frame interpolation using linear interpolation between frames (see, e.g., non-patent document 2). However, in the case of the frame interpolation process using the linear interpolation between frames, unnaturalness of motion (jerkiness, judder) is generated due to the frame rate conversion, and the motion blur disturbance due to the above hold-type display mode cannot sufficiently be improved, resulting in inadequate image quality.
To eliminate effects of the jerkiness, etc., and improve quality of moving images, a motion-compensated frame interpolation (motion compensation) process using motion vectors has been proposed. In this motion compensation process, since a moving image itself is captured and compensated, highly natural moving images can be acquired without deteriorating the resolution and generating the jerkiness. Since interpolation image signals are generated with motion compensation, the motion blur disturbance due to the above hold-type display mode can sufficiently be improved.
Above patent document 1 discloses a technology of motion-adaptively generating interpolation frames to increase a frame frequency of a display image for improving deterioration of spatial frequency characteristics causing the motion blur. In this case, at least one interpolation image signal interpolated between frames of a display image is motion-adaptively created from the previous and subsequent frames, and the created interpolation image signals are interpolated between the frames and are sequentially displayed.
FIG. 44 is a block diagram of an outline configuration of an FRC drive display circuit in a conventional liquid crystal display device and, in FIG. 44, the FRC drive display circuit includes an FRC portion 100 that converts the number of frames of the input image signal by interpolating the image signals subjected to the motion compensation process between frames of the input video signal, an active-matrix liquid crystal display panel 103 having a liquid crystal layer and an electrode for applying the scan signal and the data signal to the liquid crystal layer, and an electrode driving portion 104 for driving a scan electrode and a data electrode of the liquid crystal display panel 103 based on the image signal subjected to the frame rate conversion by the FRC portion 100.
The FRC portion 100 includes a motion vector detecting portion 101 that detects motion vector information from the input image signal and an interpolation frame generating portion 102 that generates interpolation frames based on the motion vector information acquired by the motion vector detecting portion 101.
In the above configuration, for example, the motion vector detecting portion 101 may obtain the motion vector information with the use of a block matching method, a gradient method, etc., or if the motion vector information is included in the input image signal in some form, this information may be utilized. For example, the image data compression-encoded with the use of the MPEG format includes motion vector information of a moving image calculated at the time of encoding, and this motion vector information may be acquired.
FIG. 45 is a view for explaining a frame rate conversion process by the conventional FRC drive display circuit shown in FIG. 44. The FRC portion 100 generates interpolation frames (gray-colored images in FIG. 45) between frames with the motion compensation using the motion vector information output from the motion vector detecting portion 101 and sequentially outputs the generated interpolation frame signals along with the input frame signals to perform a process of converting the frame rate of the input image signal from 60 frames per second (60 Hz) to 120 frames per second (120 Hz).
FIG. 46 is a view for explaining an interpolation frame generation process of the motion vector detecting portion 101 and the interpolation frame generating portion 102. The motion vector detecting portion 101 uses the gradient method to detect a motion vector 105 from, for example, a frame #1 and a frame #2 shown in FIG. 45. That is, the motion vector detecting portion 101 obtains the motion vector 105 by measuring a direction and an amount of movement in 1/60 second between the frame #1 and the frame #2. The interpolation frame generating portion 102 then uses the obtained motion vector 105 to allocate an interpolation vector 106 between the frame #1 and the frame #2. An interpolation frame 107 is generated by moving an object (in this case, an automobile) from a position of the frame #1 to a position after 1/120 second based on the interpolation vector 106.
By performing the motion-compensated frame interpolation process with the use of the motion vector information to increase a display frame frequency in this way, the display state of the LCD (the hold-type display mode) can be made closer to the display state of the CRT (the impulse-type display mode) and the image quality deterioration can be improved which is due to the motion blur generated when displaying a moving image.
In the motion-compensated frame interpolation process, it is essential to detect the motion vectors for the motion compensation. For example, the block matching method, the gradient method, etc., are proposed as representative techniques for the motion vector detection. In the gradient method, the motion vector is detected for each pixel or small block between two consecutive frames and this is used to interpolate each pixel or small block of the interpolation frame between two frames. That is, an image at an arbitrary position between two frames is interpolated at an accurately compensated position to convert the number of frames.
Patent Document 1: Specification of Japanese Patent No. 3295437
Non-Patent Document 1: Ishiguro Hidekazu and Kurita Taiichiro, “Consideration on Motion Picture Quality of the Hold Type Display with an octuple-rate CRT”, IEICE Technical Report, Institute of Electronics, Information and Communication Engineers, ETD96-4 (1996-06), p. 19-26
Non-Patent Document 2: Yamauchi Tatsuro, “TV Standards Conversion”, Journal of the Institute of Television Engineers of Japan, Vol. 45, No. 12, pp. 1534-1543 (1991)In a typical computing environment, before documents are sent to a printer for printing they are converted into a printer-ready format by a printer driver executing on a computer. For example, users generally work within an application program on a computer to generate or acquire a document or application file. The application program typically permits the user to view the document, manipulate its content, and print the document by selecting a print command. Selecting the print command cues the application program to initiate the print services of the operating system. The print services present a user interface in the form of a print dialog box that allows the user to select various print options prior to printing the document. When the user selects the print option within the print dialog, the application program uses a particular operating system API (application programming interface) to “draw” the document. The operating system collects the drawing commands and uses the printer driver to convert them to a PDL (page description language) format that is specific to the printer. The printer driver then directs the PDL to the printer where it is rendered as hardcopy output.
Although the above process is functional, there are several disadvantages associated with the printer driver. Most operating systems come with various types of printer drivers for the most common types of printers. When a particular driver is installed, the associated printer can be used. One problem is that each printer driver is closely associated with the operating system because the imaging system API used by an application to “draw” a document or application file is particular to the operating system. Therefore, a specific printer driver must be developed for each printer (or closely associated group of printers) to function with the various operating system platforms (e.g., Macintosh, Windows, Linux). Thus, a single printer requires the development of as many printer drivers as there are operating systems with which the printer must function. Costs associated with developing numerous printer drivers for each new printer are significant.
Another disadvantage related to the specific nature of printer drivers is their consumption of computing resources. Operating systems must include an ever-increasing number of printer drivers to accommodate the various types of printers. Maintaining the numerous printer drivers on a computer can consume valuable memory resources on the computer. In addition, executing printer drivers consumes valuable computer processing resources. Furthermore, if an operating system does not support or include a particular printer driver, the printer driver is typically available for downloading and installation from various locations on the Internet. However, this takes time, effort, and usually a little more know-how than an average user possesses.
Yet another disadvantage associated with operating system specific printer drivers is that they are typically activated by a print command from within an application program. Thus, in order for a user to print an application file associated with a particular application program, the application program must be installed on the user's computer. Therefore, users are not typically able to locate particular application files and generate a hardcopy documents if a copy of the associated application program used to create the application files is not resident on the user's computer.
Accordingly, the need exists for a way to print application files from computers that does not involve the use of operating system specific printer drivers installed on every computer.1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to an earpiece/wire organizer and method for using same to house and maintain wires in an untangled manner; and more particularly, to a wire organizer that provides a sleeve constructed with a plurality of mating spine pieces coated with an interlocking self-adhering surface appointed to releasably engage with itself.
2. Description of the Prior Art
Typical earphone or headset constructions comprise a main audio wire which is adapted to connect to a jack integrated within an electronic, audio or optical device. In one form of these organizers, left and right wires connect with the main audio wire to form a “Y”-type construct which delivers audio from an electronic device such as a music device, mp3 player, and/or cellular phone. The left and right wires, or upper legs of the Y, are associated with left and right ear buds which, when worn, allow the user to hear music or sound transmitted from the electronic device. Other earphone or headphone devices involve a single wire attached to a first ear bud and a second ear bud. A microphone jack may additionally be included to transmit audio from the user to the electronic device, and to another user's electronic device; such wiring arrangements are used in the mobile phone industry.
In practice, headphone wires are stored in a pocketbook, gym bag, pocket or the like. Unfortunately, the wires forming the headphones tend to tangle and knot making it difficult to quickly connect and use the ear piece with the electronic device or transmission device. This entanglement can be very annoying. Oftentimes untangling of the wires can be difficult and time consuming. Even still, frequent entanglement and untangling can cause eventual damage to the left and right wires, impacting sound quality.
Various devices are currently provided for organizing wires. However, none of the devices provide the ability to compress and elongate the wires in a manner which maintains severability of the wires and prevents entanglement thereof.
Several of the wire organizer devices heretofore disclosed and utilized involve coverings or jackets constructed with a unilateral elongated body having edges appointed with engageable zipper elements. Exemplary of these types of jacket coverings, are the following patents. U.S. Pat. No. 2,585,054 to Stachura discloses a flexible sheet of electrically conductive material having meeting but separable closure edges with engageable tooth and groove zipper elements adapted to encircle a conductor; and U.S. Pat. No. 5,391,838 to Plummer discloses a rectangular casing with inner and outer surfaces and edges having a conventional zipper provided there along so that the casing may be closed to form a removable tube around conductors to be shielded. These devices are generally separate from the wires and merely operate to wrap around or encase the wires in order to neatly store same when the zipper elements on the edges of the elongated body are engaged. Organization of the wires by application of these jacket-like devices results from bundling within the jacket covering; the wires themselves are not provided with integrated organization means. The wires located within the jacket are not maintained in a separate yet joined manner. Consequently, they may be subject to tangling within the jacket. When the jacket is removed, the wires must be untangled from one another.
Other wire organizers involving zip-up devices are generally constructed with zip-up mechanisms integrated along bodies of wires operable to releasably join the wires upon engagement of a zipper or sliding element. For example: U.S. Pat. No. 5,949,026 to DeFlorio discloses a pair of tangle resistant electrical test leads attached to a nonconductive slide fastener, such as a nylon zipper, that co-joins cords by engaging the slide fastener or zipper; U.S. Pat. No. 6,909,050 to Bradford discloses an electrical cable system including a first electrical cable and a second electrical cable constructed to releasably join to form a co-joined cable by strip and groove mating; U.S. Patent Application Publication No. 2005/0069147 to Pedersen discloses a headset wire for a portable electronic device including a zipper used to releasably join or separate pairs of wires; Foreign Patent Publication No. EP 1509062 to Fung et al. discloses a headphone apparatus appointed with a zipper slider for sliding along cords of the headphone and thereby joining or disjoining two cords; Foreign Patent Publication No. JP 07211146 to Tateno discloses a stereophonic earphone cable having a fastener on a side of each the left and right earphone cables and a chuck or slider to co-join the cables; and Foreign Patent Publication No. JP 2004056636 to Kihachiro discloses a headphone apparatus integrated with a slider type fastener over substantially the entire length of each cable so that each branch cable can be co-joined.
These integrated zip-up devices, as well as aforediscussed jacket constructs, fail to provide a sleeve surface that enables scrunching or compression and elongation or lengthening of the wires. As such, the co-joined and bundled wires cannot be compressed for enhanced compact storage. Coiling of the co-joined wires and/or jacket containing the bundled wires may be an option to achieve a more orderly neat maintenance; however, this would subject the co-joined wires and/or jacket of the bundled wires to tangling.
Another broad categorical type of apparatus for organizing wires involves devices having a member for pulling two wires together without lengthwise co-joining of the wires. For example: U.S. Pat. No. 6,374,126 to MacDonald et al. discloses a hands-free earpiece headset configured such that a second earpiece is integrally mounted and stowed against a first earpiece. The headset further includes a sliding member which is configured to slidably advance and retract about the first and second cords for organization of same. Foreign Patent Publication No. JP 10308992 to Masuda et al. discloses a device having two left headset wires that are appointed to be completely contained in a cylindrical bag which slidably engages to house the wires therein when the headset is being carried. These types of organization apparatuses fail to provide compression or elongation of the enclosed wire in an orderly, tangle free manner. The wires are not co-joined together, but are merely housed in close proximity with engagement of the slide or bag, respectively. As a result, the wires are subject to entangling with one another, especially within the bag assembly storage structure.
Various wire organizing devices involve a spool type member engageable with associated wires for stowage thereof. For example: U.S. Pat. No. 4,802,638 to Burger et al. discloses a cord stowage device that includes a spool having opposed ends with cup-shaped members and a channel through which a cable slidably passes, cavities shaped to receive earphones therein for storage are also provided on the outside of the cup-shaped members; U.S. Pat. No. 7,077,693 to Symons discloses a cable management device having a body with an axis and at least one planar flange and cable retainer for allowing removable attachment of a cable during axial winding in a single plane via a spool; and U.S. Patent Application Publication No. 2005/0123164 to Yao et al. discloses a mobile device cord holder constructed with retaining regions defining a cord holding area appointed to hold a cord in a non-tangling manner as the wire is wrapped or spooled around the cord holding area. Wires associated with these spool type devices do not engage with one another to form a single/co-joined wire. Nor do these spool type devices provide the functionality of compressing or elongating the wires. Instead the wires are merely spooled within the device for storage. As the wires wrap around the spool, the wires are prone to tangling.
Notwithstanding the efforts of prior art workers to construct an earpiece or wire organizer that prevents or mitigates entanglement of wires during storage and carrying, there remains a need in the art for an earpiece or wire organizer that can be readily engaged by simply scrunching or compressing and pulling or elongating wires together with a single hand motion. Specifically, there is a need in the art for an earpiece or wire organizer that includes a sleeve appointed to house a substantial portion of a wire. Further, there is a need in the art for an earpiece or wire organizer that provides a sleeve constructed with mating spine pieces coated with an interlocking self-adhering surface that attaches to itself to releasably engage the mating spine pieces with one another in a stacked relationship. Moreover, there is a need in the art for an earpiece or wire organizer that provides a sleeve constructed with mating spine pieces coated with an interlocking self-adhering surface that attaches to itself to releasably engage the mating spine pieces, and thereby compress and elongate a wire housed within the sleeve.When Unix was being developed in 1969 based on a filesystem, the concept of device drivers was already well defined, when it was also viewed as an extension of the same filesystem. Also the model of a portable operating system was already decided early on when it was broken into two main components; the device independent component (the logical layer of the device) which required it to be written in a high-level language such as C and the hardware-dependent (the physical layer of the device) component in which the device driver model maps the low-level data structures of the physical device to high level data structures of the logical device. Therefore the Unix filesystem has no explicit device associated with the way the information is laid down as it deals with data as a block entity and has no knowledge of how a block is composed, in an effort to make the OS kernel as portable as possible.
This model which was also adopted by Posix (portable-operating-system-interface-for-unix) continued to this day, especially in the world-wide use of the GNU/Linux system in all professional applications.
Though current (2012) OS models such as Unix, Linux, and GUI (Graphical-User-Interface) such as Windows, and Android use a number of hardware-abstraction-layer (HAL) in the virtual-file-system (VFS), block device, the driver codes specific to a hardware can exist in the kernel as the Kernel-Mode-Driver-Framework (KMDF), or by loadable module which is called upon only when needed. Also another method, the User-Mode-Driver-Framework (UMDF) moves driver codes outside the kernel.
Nevertheless, the OS at some point will need to execute the physical driver codes which exist in the visible memory space that requires device-specific control. In effect, this makes the kernel hardware-dependent rendering it not only unportable, but unusable to an upgrade of the same platform. Though the HAL insulates an OS from vendor-specific hardware, the HAL still resides in the OS memory space. This has two major impediments: first, the system processor cannot run another process when it is executing the physical driver codes or parallel processing (not multitasking), and second, a device manufacturer must supply the physical device driver. That is why the need for specific kernel upgrades even for the most basic change of computer devices such as video and sound.
There is then a need for the HAL to move to the device end itself and implementing FIFOs which is the subject of this patent. When this happens, a correspondingly beneficial effect emerges which creates a new model requiring the device to be treated as a homogenous device. It does not only stop at this, but other spin-offs are created as well; with the addition of FIFOs for every device ports, traditional computer components can be removed as well; the DMA engine, multi-arbiters, multi-bus, and an I/O bus such as the PCI.
A very similar invention was initiated by the I2O (intelligent-I/O) Special Interest Group (I2OSIG) which published the I2O specification in 1996. The steering committee members included HP, Intel, Microsoft, Novell, Adaptec, 3Com and more than sixty other members which included corporations such as Acer, ARM, Dell, Fujitsu, Samsung, Seagate, Siemens and Western Digital among many others. The only similarity is that the HAL is also moved outside the OS address space and into the device end itself. But the FIFO oriented view was not included which made the two inventions diverged radically, making the I2O a far more complex implementation with its message passing interface and protocol.This invention relates to a hobbing machine of the type in which a hob on a rotatable hob spindle is rotated in precisely timed relation with a gear blank on a rotatable work spindle in order to form gear teeth around the periphery of the gear blank. Under very specialized circumstances, the axis of the hob spindle may extend perpendicular to the axis of the work spindle. In most instances, however, the hob spindle is inclined relative to the work spindle at a predetermined setting angle which is other than a right angle. The setting angle is determined as a function of the thread angle of the particular hob being used and, in cases where a helical gear is being formed, the setting angle is also a function of the helix angle of the gear.
In virtually every hobbing machine, it is necessary to be able to adjust the center-to-center distance between the axis of the hob spindle and the axis of the work spindle while maintaining the same setting angle. Adjustment of the center distance is necessary, for example, to enable a gear blank to be loaded onto or unloaded from the work spindle, to enable the depth of cut of the hob into the work to be established and/or to enable the hob to be brought into proper working relationship with the work after the hob has been re-sharpened and reduced in diameter.
Most hobbing machines which presently are in commercial use are so-called universal hobbing machines. That is, the hobbing machine is adapted to be used with several different hobs and is adapted to be changed over to enable the formation of many different types and sizes of gears. While a universal hobbing machine is extremely versatile, that very versatility causes the overall construction of the machine to be both complex and expensive. Most universal machines include adjustable hob and work slides, an adjustable hob swivel and other adjustable components and also include a complex drive train with several sets of change gears for driving the hob and work spindles in various timed relationships. The complexity and expense of a universal machine are of little value to a gear manufacturer who wishes to make only a single type of gear or a very narrow range of gears. Moreover, the various adjustment capabilities which are present in a universal machine tend to introduce a lack of stiffness and precision into the drives for the spindles, several disadvantages resulting therefrom.1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to an electrical connection for an electric motor.
2. Description of the Prior Art
In electrical connections, it is generally known to provide so-called single-wire seals (German abbreviation: EADs) to seal cables in plugs. The individual electrical conductors in them are routed through a through opening provided in the sealing element. The sealing element usually has at least one radial sealing lip that rests against a surface of the conductor inside the through opening in order to produce a seal. Additional radial sealing lips provided on the outside of the sealing element then produce a seal in relation to a housing containing the sealing element and electrical conductors. The housing accommodating the sealing element then tapers in a funnel shaped so that only the electrical conductor, sealed in the smaller-diameter funnel-shaped section, is routed further to the plug.
The sealing element consequently functions on the one hand radially in relation to the electrical conductor and on the other hand, radially in relation to the housing. This is known as a “radial-radial”-acting seal. The disadvantage to this kind of seal for an electrical connection is the relatively high complexity, both of the housing that accommodates the sealing element and of the funnel embodiment. Usually, the housing and funnel require cost-intensive finishing work.1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to a linear motion guide bearing apparatus which is used in an ordinary industrial machine or in a delivery apparatus and, in particular, to a guide rail or a slider which is a composing part of the linear motion guide bearing apparatus.
2. Description of the Related Art
Generally, a linear motion guide bearing apparatus, as shown in FIG. 8, as composing parts thereof, comprises a guide rail 1 extending in a given direction and a slider 2 crossingly mounted on the guide rail 1 so as to be movable with respect to the guide rail 1 along the guide rail 1.
In the two side surfaces of the guide rail 1, there are formed rolling element rolling grooves 3 which respectively extend in the axial direction of the guide rail 1. Also, in the inner surfaces of the slider 2 as well, there are formed rolling element rolling grooves 4 which are respectively disposed opposed to the rolling element rolling grooves 3. And, within a load rolling passage which is formed between the mutually opposed rolling element rolling grooves 3, 4, there are inserted a plurality of rolling elements (such as rollers or balls).
In FIG. 8, reference character 6 designates a return passage and 7 stands for an end cap.
FIG. 9 is a section view of a conventional guide rail 1, when it is viewed from the axial direction (extending direction) of the rolling element rolling groove 3. And, FIG. 10 is a section view of a conventional slider 2, when it is viewed from the axial direction (extending direction) of the rolling element rolling groove 4.
Each of the rolling element rolling grooves 3, 4 has a substantially circular section shape; and, boundary portions A, B, which are formed between land surfaces existing continuously with the two sides of the rolling element rolling grooves 3, 4, are respectively formed in a shape having an angle formed by the mutual intersection of an arc and a straight line (which is hereinafter sometimes referred to as an edge shape). By the way, in the rolling element rolling grooves 3, 4, in some cases, there can be formed such a relief as shown in FIG. 8.
In the case of the guide rail 1 shown in FIG. 9, the upper-side rolling element rolling grooves 3 are formed in the corner portions between the side surfaces and upper surface of the guide rail 1. In the case of the present rolling element rolling grooves 3, the section shape thereof provides a substantially ¼ arc shape; and, the respective boundary portions A between the land surfaces (side surfaces and upper surface) existing continuously with the present rolling element rolling grooves 3 and the present rolling element rolling grooves 3 also provide an edge shape having an angle formed by the intersection between an arc and a straight line.
However, when the linear motion guide bearing is in operation, in case where there exists a clearance between a load rolling passage and the half-arc-shaped circulation passage formed in a rolling element circulation part such as an end cap, a rolling element, when passing through the clearance, can shift from its normal passage and interfere with the land portion.
At the then time, in case where the rolling element 5 is higher in hardness than the guide rail 1, for example, the guide rail 1 is made of metal and the rolling element 5 is made of ceramic, there arises a problem that the boundary portion A softer than the rolling element 5 is easy to wear.
That is, as in the above-mentioned conventional structure, when the boundary portions A, B are respectively formed in an edge shape, in case where there occurs such a load state in which the rolling element 5 is pressed against the boundary portions A, B, since the contact area of the rolling element 5 with the boundary portions A, B is small, the maximum contact pressure increases. As a result of this, the boundary portions A, B are easy to wear. Depending on the progress of such wear, there is a fear that such wear can have an ill effect on the linear motion accuracy of the slider 2.
This problem become obvious especially in such a using condition that the slider 2 must be moved at a high speed with respect to the guide rail 1, or the slider 2 must be positioned with high precision.
Especially, since the moving speed of the rolling element has been enhanced, when a corner portion exists in the land portion 2b (see FIG. 11), in the case of the guide rail 2 made of steel, there arises a problem that the rolling element 5 and land portion 2b are easy to flake.
Also, in case where the guide rail 2 is made of ceramic material, since the guide rail 2 is hard, the surface of the rolling element 5 can be damaged; and, because the ceramic material is fragile material, a crack can be caused in the land portion 2b. 
On the other hand, when the moving speed of the rolling element 5 is low, in the case of the guide rail 2 made of steel, the surface of the rolling element 5 and the groove surface of the rolling element rolling groove 4 of the guide rail 2 are worn due to the rolling motion of the rolling element 5 and the roughness of these surfaces is thereby reduced (the surfaces are smoothed), which makes it hard for the surfaces to wear any further.
However, in case where the guide rail 2 is made of ceramic material, since the guide rail 2 is much harder than the rolling element 5, there hardly arises the possibility that the groove surface of the rolling element rolling groove 4 of the guide rail 2 can be worn due to the rolling motion of the rolling element 5 and the roughness of the groove surface can be thereby reduced (the groove surface can be smoothed). Therefore, as the linear guide apparatus is operated, the rolling element 5 continues to wear. As a result of this, in case where the preload amount of a linear guide apparatus is small, especially, in the case of a small-size linear guide apparatus, the rigidity of the linear guide apparatus is lowered due to shortage of the preload, so that the durability of the linear guide apparatus is reduced.A motor vehicle comprises at least two axles, wherein each axle is generally assigned two wheels. Furthermore, in each case one axle and the two wheels are assigned a so-called stabilizer which has at least one torsion body and limbs arranged thereon, wherein each limb is directly or indirectly connected to a wheel. The stabilizer can be used to damp and/or compensate fluctuations of the wheels in the vertical direction perpendicularly with respect to a direction of travel of the motor vehicle and perpendicularly with respect to the axle, and therefore to achieve rolling stabilization for the motor vehicle.
Document DE 10 2008 000 240 A1, which is incorporated by reference herein, describes a method for operating a motor vehicle which has two axles with wheels mounted in a sprung fashion thereon, wherein each axle is assigned an electromechanical stabilizer. For this purpose, wheel movements of the individual wheels are detected and fed to a control, as a result of which an electric motor of the stabilizer is controlled in such a way that spring compression movements on one side are prevented from being copied on to another side of the axle.
DE 10 2010 051 807 A1, which is incorporated by reference herein, describes a rolling stabilization device for a motor vehicle comprising a stabilizer which is assigned two wheels of an axle of the motor vehicle and is divided into two stabilizer halves, an actuator which is capable of rotating the two stabilizer halves with respect to one another, and a control device which is designed to operate the actuator as a function of driving state parameters, at least in a first operating state of the motor vehicle, in such a way that a rolling movement of the vehicle is counteracted by a torque transmission between the two stabilizer halves.
A control device for a stabilizer of a motor vehicle is described in document EP 1 577 127 A2, which is incorporated by reference herein. Here, the stabilizer comprises a pair of stabilizer rods which are arranged between two wheels of an axle, and an actuator which is arranged between the stabilizer rods and which comprises an electric motor and a mechanism for reducing the speed. A desired torque for the electric motor is calculated on the basis of behavior of the motor vehicle and of steering operations of a driver. Furthermore, a torque is estimated for each stabilizer rod. The electric motor is controlled as a result of a comparison of the desired torque with the estimated torque.
A stabilizer arrangement which is known from document EP 1 925 472 A2, which is incorporated by reference herein, comprises a two-part stabilizer with in each case one radius link which runs in the longitudinal direction of the vehicle and whose stabilizer sections execute a rotational relative movement with respect to one another. The stabilizer sections are operatively connected to an adjustable torque generating device which has such high control dynamics that the stabilizer arrangement applies an adapted opposing torque to a torque acting on the stabilizer arrangement, even when a torsional section inside the stabilizer arrangement is dispensed with.
Against this background, a method and a system having the features of the independent patent claims are presented.1. Field of the Invention
This invention relates to a pipelined computer and methods in the same.
2. Description of the Prior Art
In a pipelined computer having instruction pipelines of different types, the instruction pipelines sometimes spend different respective times in execution of respective instructions. In such a case, although a slight change in the sequence of actual execution of instructions is allowed, the contents of registers in the computer are required to be updated in the same sequence as the sequence of execution of the instructions. Controlling the sequence of completion of execution of instructions referred to as establishing the synchronization between the pipelines.
Prior art methods of synchronization in a pipelined computer will be listed in the following.
1) Asynchronous: Controlled units are not synchronized with each other, and communication between the units is performed via flags and handshakes.
2) Horizontal Control: A composite instruction controls the operation of setting different units at respective clock periods. A long instruction is divided into a large number of fields. Processors are parallelly and independently controlled by the respective fields, and thereby the synchronization between the processors is established. When the degree of the parallel is low, the efficiency of bit use of the instruction is small. It is necessary to prepare a process of judging the possibility of parallel processing during the instruction execution, or a process of extracting the possibility of parallel processing during the instruction compiling. Thus, in the case where the controls of the processors are determined in accordance with the results of the processings by the processors respectively, the instruction is rearranged and then the instruction is required to be decoded, thereby necessitating expenditure of additional time.
3) Lockstep: A set of equal processors is synchronously controlled so that the processors will simultaneously execute equal processings.
4) Issue-When-Ready: As soon as a required unit or register becomes free, an instruction is transmitted to an execution unit.
The prior art methods 1)-3) have problems as follows. The prior art method 1) is unsuited to the realization of high-speed synchronization since a handshake spends a considerable time. In the case where an exception occurs in a controlled unit and simultaneously the execution of an instruction in another controlled unit needs to be interrupted, it is difficult for the prior art method 1) to realize a method of disabling the processing of the instruction at a high speed. In the prior art method 2), since all units are controlled by a common horizontal instruction, the units can not operate independently and also processors can not be operated independently. In the prior art method 2), since the execution times of the processors are sometimes different, the process of disabling the processing of the instruction tends to be complicated during the occurrence of an exception in one of the processors. The prior art method 3) requires units to be equal. The prior art method 3) can not be applied to the case where units independently execute different operations although the units are equal.1. Field of the Invention
The invention is directed to a device for producing compacted or pressed articles with a main cylindrically-shaped element and a secondary helically-shaped element from powdered material such as powdered metal, and in particular for producing helical gearwheels in which the helical gearing or toothing is the secondary element.
2. Description of the Related Art
A conventional device as described in European Patent Publication 0 528 761 A1 produces pressed articles, e.g., helical-toothed gearwheels, from metal powder. This known metal powder press has a linearly movable upper ram in which is supported a top punch which is rotatable about the longitudinal axis in the pressing direction and a bottom ram which is also moveable linearly against a bottom stop and in which a bottom punch is rotatably supported. A die plate forms a mold cavity and is movable linearly in the pressing cycle. The rotatable bottom punch and the rotatable top punch each have a toothing profile corresponding to the toothing profile or helical toothing of the mold shell or casing, i.e., the mold cavity. The bottom punch which is supported so as to be freely rotatable is constantly engaged with the profile of the mold cavity and therefore rotates compulsorily in a corresponding manner when linear relative movements occur between the bottom punch and die plate during the press cycle. In contrast, a rotational movement corresponding to the helical toothing is externally forced upon the top punch during the press cycle corresponding to its penetration depth in order to reduce the friction between the outer surfaces of the top punch and mold cavity of the female mold. The toothed-wheel mechanism provided for this purpose is driven via a mechanical linkage control corresponding to the desired helical toothing of the pressed article. The linkage control contains linkage cores, rigidly connected to a guide plate and guided in a positive engagement and in a sliding manner in the coaxially arranged driving wheels of the toothed-wheel mechanism. During the press cycle, the guide plate is temporarily rigidly coupled with the die plate and moves jointly therewith. A withdrawal process is used to remove the produced pressed articles from the mold.
This known metal powder press gives rise to considerable costs with respect to mechanical construction and also retooling since for every different pressed article a set of linkage cores corresponding to this pressed article must be prepared and exchanged, aside from the special tool set including the female mold, top punch and bottom punch. Added to this is the cost of the guide plate and the mechanically operated locking device for rigidly coupling the guide plate to the die plate. There also remains the problem of friction between the bottom punch with respect to its rotational movement and the female mold, the bottom punch not being positively driven externally. This not only results in increased tool wear in this region, but also leads to an uneven density distribution in the pressed article.
A press with electronically controlled movements which is used for the rotary press process is described in the publication entitled "Quality control through process monitoring of rotary forming press", Metal Powder industries Federation, Volume 6, May 6-11, 1994, 125-137. A press of this type is used for subsequent treatment of already sintered molded articles produced by powder metallurgy in order to give them a density in the range of 95% to 98% of the theoretically possible density of the material in question. The special construction of these presses makes it possible to generate extremely high local pressing pressures in the pressing tool with a comparatively low overall pressing force of the press. The special construction for this purpose includes an upper punch die that moves in a gyrating and rotating manner and applies locally defined extremely high pressing forces on the workpiece in order to compact the latter in directed manner. This reference contains no suggestion that the top punch and bottom punch, which participate directly in the shaping of the helically shaped secondary element of the article to be pressed, may be controlled with respect to their movement in the mold cavity of the female mold by electronic means for the purpose of producing compact with main cylindrically shaped elements and secondary helically shaped elements from powdered material.The present invention relates to implantable tissue and, more particularly to a system and method for making a calotte-shaped sheath of implantable tissue.
In various types of neurosurgery it is common to interpose a sheath of tissue between a patient""s brain and skull for dural substitution, such as for use in neurosurgical procedures. Typically the sheath is actual dura mater from a human cadaver that has been appropriately treated. Alternatively, a sheath of biocompatible tissue may be used.
Because certain curved shapes are difficult to reproduce, a generally flat sheath of biocompatible tissue typically used. Therefore, a new approach is desirable that is able to produce curved implantable sheaths, such as generally semi-spherical (or calotte-shaped) sheaths.
The present invention relates to system and method for making a calotte-shaped implantable sheath. A sheet of biological tissue, such as animal pericardium, is positioned onto a curved surface. A fixation solution is applied to a substantial portion of the tissue, as at least that portion is held generally flush against the curved surface. After the tissue has been appropriately fixed, peripheral portions of the sheath may be trimmed so as to form a calotte-shaped sheath of tissue suitable for implantation. The sheath conforms to the contour of the curved surface against which it was fixed. As a result, the sheath is able to conform to the shaped of a curved structure, such as an organ or brain, when implanted.
One aspect of the present invention provides a system for creating a calotte-shaped implantable sheath. The system includes a curved tissue-engaging surface and means for holding a sheet of biological tissue against the tissue-engaging surface during fixation. A volume of a fixation solution is operable to fix at least a substantial portion of the tissue substantially to the shape of the tissue-engaging surface.
Another aspect of the present invention provides a method for forming a calotte-shaped implantable sheath. A sheet of tissue is placed against a curved surface and fixed with a fixation solution while at least a substantial portion of the tissue is held against the curved surface so that at least that portion of the tissue conforms to the shape of the curved surface.1. Technical Field
The present invention relates generally to air conditioning systems and more particularly to an air conditioning system and a method which detects a low-charge state.
2. Discussion
Modern air conditioning systems typically include a compressor, a condenser, a throttling device and an evaporator. Operation of the compressor adds heat to a gaseous refrigerant as well as increases its pressure. High-temperature, high-pressure gaseous refrigerant exiting the compressor is delivered to the condenser where excess heat is removed, causing the refrigerant to condense to a relatively low-temperature, high-pressure liquid refrigerant. The liquid refrigerant is then discharged to the expansion valve.
The expansion valve meters the amount of refrigerant that is discharged to the evaporator, causing the low-temperature, high-pressure liquid refrigerant to change to a lower-temperature, low-pressure gaseous state. A blower forces air over a heat exchanger surface on the evaporator causing the gaseous refrigerant to absorb heat, cooling the air. Gaseous refrigerant is then returned to the compressor.
To maintain the performance of the air conditioning system, it is necessary that the system be properly charged (i.e., the system must have a quantity of refrigerant that exceeds a predetermined minimum amount). If the air conditioning system looses a sufficient amount of refrigerant, the air conditioning system will not cool the air to the maximum extent possible. Furthermore, operation of the air conditioning system in a low-charge state may damage the compressor, which is typically the most expensive component of the air conditioning system.
Conventional air conditioning systems do not include a means for detecting a low-charge state. Consequently, it is necessary to rely on the perception and judgment of the users of these systems to detect symptoms that are characteristic of a low-charge state. The symptom most readily detected with such systems is an output temperature of air exiting the evaporator that is xe2x80x9cwarmer than normalxe2x80x9d. Unfortunately, as the loss of refrigerant from an air conditioning system is usually gradual, the user is not likely to notice the change in the output temperature until a substantial amount of refrigerant has been lost from the system.
Complicating matters is that technicians responsible for trouble-shooting and maintaining these air conditioning systems have no direct means for detecting a low-charge state. As such, the technician is typically forced to employ a decision-making process having several steps of relatively low reliability to develop a plan for dealing with the observations of the air conditioning system user. The process usually includes the verification that the output temperature is relatively high and the re-charging the air conditioning system. Recharging the air conditioning system is a time consuming process, requiring that the refrigerant in the air conditioning system first be evacuated and then a proper quantity of fresh refrigerant be delivered to the air conditioning system. This process typically requires several hours to complete, tying up not only the technician, but also other resources such as the tooling, equipment and possibly even a service bay.
Considering modern standards of accuracy and repeatability, this trouble-shooting process renders it highly likely that some air conditioning systems are being recharged unnecessary. Furthermore, it is also likely that other air conditioning systems may not be being serviced when necessary. To avoid these situations, some air conditioning systems have proposed the use of a dedicated sensor in an attempt to more reliably detect a low-charge state. One such system relies on a low-pressure switch placed between the compressor and the evaporator. This system is premised on the fact that the liquid refrigerant delivered from the evaporator to the compressor will have a relatively lower pressure if the compressor is operated in a low-charge state. Not only does this approach add a considerable amount of cost to the air conditioning system, this approach requires a substantial reduction in the pressure of the refrigerant delivered to the compressor before a low-charge state is detected. Accordingly, it is possible in a system of this type that the low-charge state will go undetected for a considerable period of time, permitting the compressor to be operated repeatedly and damaged.
A second system relies on a sub-cool temperature sensor placed between the expansion valve and the condenser which monitors the temperature of the gaseous refrigerant delivered to the expansion valve. While this arrangement has been shown to be effective at detecting a low-charge state, it is extremely costly, being approximately three times more expensive than the low-pressure switch discussed above. Accordingly, there remains a need in the art for an air conditioning system which is able to detect a low-charge condition in a reliable manner and at a relatively low cost.
It is one object of the present invention to provide a method for detecting a low-charge state in an air conditioning system which provides early yet reliable results.
It is another object of the present invention to provide a method for detecting a low-charge state in an air conditioning system which may be economically incorporated into an air conditioning system.
It is a further object of the present invention to provide a method for detecting a low-charge state in an air conditioning system which employs the slope of the difference between the ambient temperature and the evaporator temperature to determine the existence of a low-charge state.
It is yet another object of the present invention to provide a method for detecting a low-charge state in an air conditioning system which employs the temperature of the evaporator to determine the existence of a low-charge state.
It is a further object of the present invention to provide an air conditioning system which detects a low-charge state in a reliable yet economical manner.
In one preferred form, the present invention provides a method for detecting a low-charge state in an air conditioning system. The method includes the steps of detecting a temperature of air exiting an evaporator and responsively producing an evaporator temperature signal; detecting an ambient air temperature and responsively producing an ambient air temperature signal; detecting at least one operational characteristic of the air conditioning system and responsively producing an operational signal in response thereto; and receiving the evaporator temperature signal, the ambient air temperature signal and the operational signal and responsively detecting a low-charge condition of the air conditioning system. An air conditioning system having a controller which prevents a compressor from cycling on the detection of a low-charge state is also provided.1. Field
The present invention relates to apparatus and methods for driving a pneumatically operated implantable device, such as an artificial heart.
2. Discussion of Related Art
Artificial hearts are typically constructed with right and left ventricles that function generally like and may replace the right and left ventricles of a native heart. The right ventricle receives oxygen-poor blood from the subject's body and delivers this blood to the lungs for oxygenation. The left ventricle receives oxygen-rich blood from the lungs of a subject and delivers this blood throughout the subject's body.
Each ventricle of the artificial heart 100, like that shown in FIG. 1, includes a movable diaphragm 102 that is positioned between an air chamber 104 and a blood chamber 106 within the ventricle. The air chamber includes a single inlet/outlet 108 that is in fluid communication with a pneumatic driver. A blood inlet valve 110 provides a one-way entrance into the blood chamber 106 from the circulatory system of a subject and a blood outlet valve 112 provides a one-way outlet from the blood chamber.
To replicate the systole of a native heart, pressurized air is provided to the air chamber in each ventricle of the artificial heart. The pressurized air displaces the diaphragm within the ventricle, reducing the volume of the blood chamber and causing blood to be ejected through the outlet valve and into the circulatory system of the subject. To replicate the diastole of a native heart, pressure is relieved from the air chamber of the ventricle, which allows blood to enter the blood chamber from the circulatory system of the subject.
One example of an artificial heart is the CARDIOWEST Total Artificial Heart (TAH-t), as illustrated in FIG. 1. The TAH-t has left 114 and right 116 ventricles with a displacement of 70 cubic centimeters each. The TAH-t is used as a bridge-to-transplant type device, whereby the TAH-t is configured to replace a diseased heart on a temporary basis until a subject receives a transplanted human heart. The TAH-t may potentially, however, also be used as a permanent replacement for a native heart.1. Field of the Invention
Embodiments of the present invention relate to an exhaust gas control system for an internal combustion engine.
2. Description of Related Art
An air purifier has been known that includes: an air purification catalyst that is disposed in an air passage and purifies air; and a microwave irradiator that is disposed on an upstream side of the air purification catalyst in the air passage and irradiates the air purification catalyst with a microwave at a specified frequency, in which the air purification catalyst includes a carrier substrate and a catalytic substance that is disposed on the carrier substrate and purifies the air, in which the carrier substrate contains a heating body that can absorb the microwave, and in which the heating body absorbs the microwave from the microwave irradiator and thereby generates heat (see Japanese Patent Application Publication No. 2006-158947 (JP 2006-158947 A), for example).
Typically, the catalytic substance does not function as a catalyst until it reaches an activation temperature or higher. Thus, in JP 2006-158947 A, the heating body generates the heat by using the microwave and heats the carrier substrate, and the catalytic substance on the carrier substrate is thereby heated to the activation temperature or higher.The present invention relates generally to articulated chairs and, more particularly, to an articulated chair operable to move between a generally upright patient entry/exit position and a reclined patient examination and treatment position.
Articulated examination and treatment chairs are used to position a patient to a variety of different positions which may be selected in accordance with the particular procedure being performed and with reference to the preferences of the particular operator or doctor. For dental procedures, by way of example, the chair may be moved between a generally upright patient entry/exit position and a reclined patient examination and treatment position.
The chair has a seat section and a back section that provide a comfortable support surface for the patient throughout movement of the chair. Arm rests are provided on opposite sides of the chair to support the patient""s arms as the chair is moved through the various positions. To provide patient comfort, the arm rests must move or tilt to accommodate the change in position of the patient as the patient moves through the various positions. To accomplish this need, arm rests have either been connected for pivotal movement with the seat section or the arm rests are pivotally connected to the back section through a rotatable shaft and linkages.
In the generally upright patient entry/exit position of known examination and treatment chairs, the arm rests obstruct the patient""s entry into or exit from the chair. Therefore, the arm rests are constructed either to be temporarily removed or to pivot out of the way to allow patient to enter or exit the chair. Either of these solutions has a tendency to be cumbersome, especially for handicapped and elderly patients.
Therefore, there is a need for an chair that improves patient entry or exit while providing comfort to the patient during movement of the chair between entry/exit and examination and treatment positions.
The present invention overcomes the foregoing and other shortcomings and drawbacks of examination and treatment chairs heretofore known. While the invention will be described in connection with certain embodiments, it will be understood that the invention is not limited to these embodiments. On the contrary, the invention includes all alternatives, modifications and equivalents as may be included within the spirit and scope of the present invention.
An examination and treatment chair in accordance with the principles of the present invention is operable to move between a generally upright patient entry/exit position and a reclined patient examination and treatment position. The chair includes a chair support for supporting a seat section and back section of the chair. The back section is mounted for pivotal movement relative to the chair support between a generally upright position and a reclined position. A pair of arm rests are rigidly connected to the back section for movement with the back section between the generally upright position and the reclined position.
In accordance with the principles of the present invention, the arm rests are automatically positioned to allow a patient unobstructed entry into or exit from the chair when the back section is moved to the generally upright position. The arm rests are automatically positioned to support the patient""s arms when the back rest is moved to the reclined position.
In accordance with one aspect of the present invention, the back section includes a back frame and a back cushion supported on the back frame. The arm rests may be integrally formed with the back frame such as by a unitary casting of the back frame and the arm rests or, alternatively, the arm rests may be rigidly connected to the back frame. The back frame and foam cushion are dished so that the arm rests and the dished or contoured back section comfortably cradle the patient in a natural, relaxed position to maximize patient comfort and reduce patient anxiety.
The chair of the present invention provides a patient with unobstructed entry into or exit from the chair in the generally upright patient entry/exit position and a natural, relaxed and comfortable support in the reclined patient and treatment position. The foam cushion provides patient comfort in the lumbar region of the patient""s back and forces the patient""s shoulders back, which naturally elevates the patient""s chin and puts the patient in a good working position.
The above and other objects and advantages of the present invention shall be made apparent from the accompanying drawings and the description thereof.The present invention relates to a light scanning device.
Light scanning devices are known as a device for writing and reading information by scanning a light beam. In one type of such a light scanning device, a light beam emitted from a light source is focused as a linear image, and a rotating polygon mirror has a reflecting surface positioned near the linearly focused image for deflecting the light beam at a constant angular velocity. The deflected light beam is focused as a beam spot on a surface by a focusing lens system for scanning the surface.
FIG. 2 of the accompanying drawings illustrates a conventional light scanning device of the type described. A light beam emitted from a light source 1 is focused as a linear image near a reflecting surface 4 of a rotating polygon mirror 3 by a first focusing optical system 2. The light beam reflected by the rotating polygon mirror 3 is deflected at a constant angular velocity upon rotation of the rotating polygon mirror 3. The deflected light beam is then focused as a beam spot on a surface 7 by a second focusing optical system comprising lenses 5, 6 for scanning the surface 7.
The light scanning device employing a rotating multi-faceted polygon, however, suffers from the problem of a facet error. That is, the mirror facets of the polygon may not lie parallel to the axis of rotation of the polygon mirror. One known method of solving this problem is to use an anamorphic optical system as the second focusing optical system disposed between the rotating polygon and the surface to be scanned, and to position the reflecting position on the rotating polygon and the scanning surface in conjugate relationship with respect to an auxiliary scanning direction (vertical direction in FIG. 3). In FIG. 3, the second focusing optical system couples the reflecting position on the rotating polygon 3 and the scanned surface 7 in substantilly conjugate relationship as viewed in the auxiliary scanning direction. Therefore, even if a mirror facet 4 of the rotating polygon suffers from a deviant orientation as represented by 4', the focused position on the scanned surface 7 is not virtually moved in the auxiliary scanning direction by the second focusing optical system. The facet error is corrected in this manner.
When the polygon mirror 3 rotates, the reflecting surface or facet 4 rotates about an axis 3A, and there is developed an optical path length change (sag) between the first focusing optical system 2 and the reflecting surface 4. Therefore, a positional deviation .DELTA.X is produced between the position P of the focused linear image and the reflecting surface 4, and hence the position P' of a conjugate image of the linear image generated by the second focusing optical system or f.theta. lens system is deviated from the scanned surface 7 by .DELTA.'X.
The amount of deviation .DELTA.'X is given as .DELTA.'X=.beta..sup.2 .multidot..DELTA.X where .beta. is the lateral magnification of the lens system, as is well known.
Where the angle formed in the light deflecting plane between the optical axis of the lenses and the principal ray of the deflected light beam is expressed by .theta., the relationship between .theta. and .DELTA.X is shown in FIGS. 5 and 6.
The curves in FIG. 5 are plotted with an angle .alpha. (which is the angle between the principal ray of the light beam applied to the rotating polygon and the optical axis of the second focusing optical system) being 90.degree. and the radius R of a circle inscribed in the rotating polygon 3 being used as a parameter. In FIG. 6, the curves are plotted with the radius R of the inscribed circle being 40 mm and the angle .alpha. being used as a parameter.
As can be seen from FIGS. 5 and 6, .DELTA.X is greater as the radius R of the inscribed circle is greater and the angle .alpha. is smaller.
The relative positional deviation between the linear image and the reflecting surface upon rotation of the reflecting surface is developed two-dimensionally in the light deflecting plane and is asymmetrically moved with respect to the lens optical axis.
Therefore, with the light scanning device as shown in FIG. 2, it is necessary that the curvature of field in each of the main and auxiliary scanning directions of the second focusing optical system be well corrected. As described above, the positional deviation .DELTA.X is produced by the sag. Since the configuration of a rotating polygon, or optimum conditions thereof, i.e., the number of reflecting surfaces or facets and the position of the axis of rotation thereof, are determined by the radius of a light beam applied and the angle of incidence to the second focusing optical system, the sag is also determined as one of the characteristics of the rotating polygon. Japanese Laid-Open Patent Publication No. 59-147316 discloses a known light scanning device of the kind described above. However, the problem of curvature of field developed by sag has not sufficiently been studied in the disclosed light scanning device.1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to a video apparatus, and more particularly, to a video apparatus simplifying the checking and adjustment of a specific single module which constitutes the video apparatus.
2. Description of the Related Art
In recent years, video apparatuses are manufactured (assembled) by combining a plurality of parts which have been modularized for every function unit. Accordingly, by changing the parts (modules) to be combined variously, many types of products can be designed and manufactured easily and efficiently.
At the same time, it is well-known that broadcasting is done in different broadcasting systems from country to country throughout the world. For example, there are three major television broadcasting systems: NTSC, PAL and SECAM. Each of these systems may still differ in minute details from country to country, particularly in the ex-Communist bloc, even though the same system is used. To cope with such circumstances, there is a need for video apparatus that is able to receive various broadcasts in different television broadcasting systems. At the same time, there is also a need to improve design efficiency and to develop products that have global usefulness by using modular parts to perform functions which differ from one broadcasting system to another. For example, the intermediate-frequency signal processing circuit part and the sound multiplex signal processing circuit part may be used as module parts, while circuit parts which are common regardless of the broadcasting systems remain part of the basic apparatus.
Meanwhile, for the adjustment of various devices comprising the module, a method to adjust by using a microcomputer through the BUS line is used. This technique is called the BUS control and replaces the conventional hand-operated volume adjustment.
FIG. 4 is a block diagram to show an example of an adjustable tester for modules controlled by the BUS control, and FIG. 5 is a flow chart of the checking and adjustment procedures for conventional modules.
In FIG. 4, the adjustable tester 25 carries out a temporary adjustment and the check of the operation on the module 7. The tester 25 has a microcomputer 3, an inputting/outputting means 4, a memory 8 and a BUS line 6.
The microcomputer 3 is provided with various test programs and test data which are necessary for the temporary adjustment of the module 7. The inputting/outputting means 4 inputs control commands and control data to the microcomputer 3, and at the same time, outputs responses to the control commands and control data. The memory 8 stores data for the temporary adjustment of the module 7 and the like. The BUS line 6 is connected to the microcomputer 3, the memory 8 and the module 7.
The module 7 comprises a TV receiver's intermediate frequency signal processing circuit, a sound multiplex signal processing circuit, a sound processor, etc. The BUS line 6 is connectable to each of these circuits. The module 7 is also provided with terminals to input to the intermediate frequency signal processing circuit, to output video signals from the intermediate frequency signal processing circuit, and to output sound signals from L (left) and R (right) of the sound processor.
On the other hand, the main unit of a TV receiver includes a tuner for receiving signals from the antenna and supplying intermediate frequency signals to the module 7, a video signal processing circuit to which the module 7 supplies video signals, a display which is supplied with the output from the video signal processing circuit, and a means to regenerate sound signals from the module. The main unit also has a channel selecting circuit which is connected to the tuner and selects received channels, a memory which is connected to this channel selecting circuit and can store channel data, etc., and a means to receive remote control signals. The channel selecting circuit is controlled by the microcomputer. This microcomputer is connectable to the tuner, video signal processing circuit, and each circuit of the module 7 through the BUS line.
The module 7 is a replaceable part corresponding to the difference in the broadcasting systems. Consequently, replacing this module 7 in accordance with the characteristic of a broadcasting system enables a user to use a main unit of a TV receiver for each of the broadcasting systems and thus, improve design efficiency.
Next, a description will be given on the conventional manufacturing process of video apparatuses based on the checking and adjustment process on a single module 7 shown in FIG. 5.
As shown in FIG. 5, in order to improve the reliability on the modularized parts, first of all, the module 7 is connected to the BUS line 6 of the adjustable tester 25 shown in FIG. 4, and the temporary adjustment of the single module 7 is performed by, for example, inputting some commands or data from the inputting/outputting means (adjusting means) 4 to the microcomputer 3. At this time, the data (offset value, etc.) for each adjustment (temporary adjustment) on each device which comprises the module 7, such as an intermediate-frequency signal processing circuit, a sound multiplex signal processing circuit and a sound processor are stored in the memory 8 of the adjustable tester 25. The temporary adjustment of the module 7 is carried out on each device. For example, the intermediate-frequency signal processing circuit adjustment is done on the AGC level, the sound multiplex signal processing circuit adjustment is done on the inputting level, on the separation of L (left) and R (right) signals, on the DC value of VCO at the PLL circuit, and on other filters, while the sound processor adjustment is carried out on the levels of bass, treble and balance. When the temporary adjustment of this single module 7 is finished, the check of the operation of the single module 7 follows using a prescribed means which is not shown in the figures (Step T1).
The module 7, which has been proved to be normal (good product) through the check of its operation, is mounted on the main unit of a video apparatus (television receiver) (Step T2), and as described above, each device constituting a module 7 is readjusted by, for example, inputting some commands or data to the microcomputer in the main unit from the remote controller. The data for adjustment of each device, including an intermediate-frequency signal processing circuit, a sound multiplex signal processing circuit and a sound processor, is stored in the memory of the main unit (Step T3).
After that, other devices of the main unit, that is, a tuner, a video signal processing circuit and the like are adjusted. The adjustment data on each device is stored in the memory of the main unit (Step T4). As for the adjustment of each device of the main unit, on the tuner, for example, the channel selection is adjusted, and on the video signal processing circuit, contrast, brightness and hue are adjusted.
As described above, according to the procedure of the checking and adjustment process on a single module which operates under the conventional BUS control, none of the modules have a dedicated memory (for example, EEPROM) to store the adjustment data on each device comprising the module 7. This requires the same adjustment twice. The first adjustment is performed before the shipment of modules as parts. The parts are adjusted module by module. The second adjustment is performed when the module is mounted and assembled on the set (the main unit). The module undergoes the same adjustment as the first adjustment, together with other devices of the main unit. The data for adjustment of each device is written in the memory which is built in the set (the main unit). In other words, the process which is carried out in Step T1 in FIG. 5 is repeated in Step T3, thus resulting in additional man-hours for adjustment.
As stated above, for a conventional video apparatus, a single module undergoes various adjustments at the time of manufacture to prepare the apparatus for proper operation before it is shipped. When the module is assembled into a video apparatus, various kinds of adjustments on the module are performed again. This adjustment must check more parts than in the previous adjustment of other circuit parts (for example, the video/chromaldeflection processing circuit), and thus, is time-consuming.The present invention relates to semiconductor devices and fabrication processes, and more specifically to semiconductor gate electrode architectures which provide improved work function tuning.
In the conventional CMOS process, poly silicon is used as a gate electrode material up to 90 nm node. The conventional process has several advantages such as: (i) it is compatible with high temperature processing, (ii) well behaved poly-Si/thermal SiO2 interfaces, (iii) more reliable than metal gate electrode like Al, (iv) conformal deposition over steep topography (v) and most significantly it introduces self-aligned dual work function for both n-MOSFETs and p-MOSFETs by selection of proper dopant.
The polysilicon gate electrode, however, also represents a major challenge for near-term and long-term CMOS scaling. Some major limitations of the process include gate depletion, high gate resistance and boron penetration into the channel region. The poly depletion causes an effective increase in the gate dielectric thickness, which operates to reduce the current drive. Boron diffusion from p+ polysilicon gate to the channel degrades device performance significantly. Both the effective increase in the gate dielectric thickness associated with depletion and the channel autodoping associated with boron out-diffusion from the p+ polysilicon gate will eventually require the phase-out of polysilicon as gate material beyond the 45 nm technology node.
Metal gate electrodes offer a potential solution to the aforementioned problem. Metal gate electrodes provide advantages such as: (i) no boron penetration from polysilicon gate into channel through very thin gate dielectric, (ii) much lower gate resistance, (iii) and perhaps the most desirable advantage of reduced electrical thickness of gate dielectric. The last and most significant advantage is derived through elimination of depletion in heavily doped polysilicon gates, which can amount to a 3-5 Å reduction in equivalent oxide thickness (EOT)—the equivalent of ˜2 generation advancement.
A key requirement for gate electrode material in CMOS is that of dual work function. Gate metal for NMOS and PMOS devices should have work functions which closely correspond to conduction and valence band edge respectively for surface channel mode of operation. In conventionally fabricated CMOS devices, the dual work function of the polysilicon gate is achieved by implanting the polysilicon material with either n or p-type dopants (during deep S/D implantation) as mentioned above.
In the case of refractory metals or metal nitrides, work function is not a strong function of doping, and S/D implantation cannot be used for work function tuning. Further, conventional approaches of using two different bulk metals to fabricate NMOS and PMOS gate electrodes require the use of exotic metals and alloys to meet the work function requirements, which complicates CMOS processing and results in lower device yield.
What is needed is a gate electrode architecture capable of a dual work function, and which can be preferably fabricated using technology close to conventional CMOS fabrication.The present invention relates in general to semiconductor devices and their manufacture. More specifically, the present invention relates to the fabrication of vertically stacked nanosheet transistors having inner spacers and improved source to drain sheet resistance.
In contemporary semiconductor device fabrication, a large number of semiconductor devices, such as field effect transistors (FETs), are fabricated on a single wafer. Non-planar transistor device architectures, such as vertical field effect transistors (VFETs) and nanosheet (a.k.a., nanowire) transistors, can provide increased device density and increased performance over planar transistors. In nanosheet transistors, in contrast to conventional planar FETs, the gate stack wraps around the full perimeter of multiple nanosheet channel regions, which enables fuller depletion in the channel regions and reduces short-channel effects.1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to a coating which is fixed to the surface of material from which a deposit is easily removed with water, such that the coated material can be repeatedly cleaned easily.
2. Description of Related Art
Hitherto it was difficult to remove a water-insoluble deposit from a material surface. For example, liquid oil should be cleaned by water containing a surfactant with considerable labor, or by an organic solvent which is harmful to both the human body and the environment. Since a waxy or solid deposit is difficult to remove using the surfactant, it should be removed by the organic solvent or mechanically scraped off, which requires heavy work. But such deposit may not be completely removed, or the material to which the deposit is adhered may be damaged. In many cases, the waxy or solid deposit may not be removed.
It is possible to remove the deposit by forming a releasable or soluble coating on the material and removing the deposit together with the coating. However, whenever the coating is removed, a fresh coating must be reformed, or the removed coating generates an additional waste. Therefore, this technique does not provide a viable solution.
As a coating from which the deposit can be repeatedly removed, a coating of polyterafluoroethylene (hereinafter referred to as "PTFE", (for example, TEFLON.TM. of DuPont is known. However, it is not widely used since it is expensive, the kind of surface on which the PTFE coating can be formed is limited, and it has poor transparency.
It is greatly desired to develop a coating such that a deposit can be repeatedly removed from the material surface and which solves the above problems.
As explained above, to remove the deposit from the material's surface, a large amount of work is required, or some other methods applied which use an organic solvent which is harmful to the human body and the environment. In the case of Over Head Project or (OHP) films or office automation papers such as copying papers, they are used and wasted in a large scale to cause a environmental problem, since ink cannot be removed from their surfaces. This is because there is no coating from which the deposit, such as the ink, is repeatedly removed with ease and which is cheap and has good flexibility in use.1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to a digital-to-analog converter which converts a quantized digital signal into an analog signal, and more specifically, to an improvement in a current addition type digital-to-analog converter which uses weighted resistors.
2. Description of the Related Art
FIG. 1 is a block diagram of a conventional current addition type 16-bit digital-to-analog converter which uses weighted resistors. A 16-bit digital signal consisting of a train of pulses, each being quantized data "1" or "0", is applied to an input terminal IN. The pulses of the digital signal are successively stored in a shift register 1 in accordance with a shift clock input to a clock terminal CLK1. The digital signal stored in the shift register 1 is input to a latch 2 in accordance with a latch pulse which is input to a clock terminal CLK2 after all the 16 bits are stored in the shift register 1. 16 output terminals D0-D15 of the latch 2 are connected, through respective resistors R0-R15, to an inverting input terminal of an operational amplifier 3, which functions as an adder.
The inverting input terminal of the operational amplifier 3 is coupled to an output terminal OUT thereof via a resistor R16, and a non-inverting input terminal thereof is grounded. The resistors R0-R16 each has a weighted resistance equal to a multiple of 2. More specifically, the following relationships are established: R16=2R15, R15=2R14, Rn=2Rn-1, ..., R1=2R0.
Assuming that voltages output via the output terminals D0-D15 of the latch 2 are V0-V15 in the above-mentioned structure, an output voltage Vout of the operational amplifier 3 is: EQU Vout=(V15/R15+V14/R14+...+Vn/Rn+...+V0/R0)R16
Thus, when output data via the output terminals D0-D15a are "0", zero volt is generated, and when the output data are "1", 1 volt is generated. Thus, the 16-bit digital signal which consists of 16 data pieces, each having "1" or "0", and which is input to the input terminal IN are completely converted into an analog signal.
For example, in a case where a 12-bit D/A converter is used so that it converts a 16-bit digital signal into an analog signal, it is necessary to omit any four bits of the 16 bits.
(1) Normally, in many cases, four low-order bits are omitted. In a case where the digital signal ranges equally from the strongest sound to the weakest sound, the low-order bits are omitted. In this case, if the original digital signal has no distortion, an analog signal converted from the 12-bit digital signal does not deteriorate greatly. However, weak sound components expressed by the omitted four low-order bits are lost.
(2) If there is no strong sound, four high-order bits are omitted. When weak sound components are meaningful, and strong sound components are not significant (or does not appear frequently), the four high-order bits are omitted.
(3) Some high-order bits and some low-order bits are omitted. This method is intermediate between the above-mentioned methods (1) and (2) and suitable for cases where strong and weak sound components must be handled. It should be noted that none of the above-mentioned methods (1), (2) and (3) provide a dynamic range equal to or higher than 72 dB. Further, in each of the methods (1), (2) and (3), the input has information equal to 16 bits (92 dB), while each conventional method utilizes only 12 bits (72 dB).
In the aforementioned circuit configuration, the precision of the resistance values of the resistors R0-R15 which serve as an input resistor of the operational amplifier 3 directly determines the converting precision of the digital-to-analog converter.
In the 16-bit digital-to-analog converter, the resistance ratio of the resistor R16 to the resistor R0 is equal to 2.sup.16 (=65536). Assuming that the resistor R0 is selected to have a resistance equal to 10 k.OMEGA., the resistor R16 must have a resistance of 655.36 M.OMEGA.. It is difficult to realize such a high resistance by a highly precise resistor.
When the aforementioned digital-to-analog converter is formed on a single LSI chip, it is necessary to form large resistor cells in order to secure the required resistance precision. This leads to an increase in the chip size.
In order to overcome the problems as described above, a circuit is known which does not utilize a plurality of high-order and low-order bits. However, since predetermined high-order and low-order bits are always omitted, an output waveform may deteriorate greatly when input data mainly includes strong sound components or weak sound components.1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to manufacturing methods and structures of a wafer level image sensor module with package structure, and more particularly, to a manufacturing method and structure of an image sensor module with an encapsulant coupled to a lateral side of the module.
2. Description of the Prior Art
Mobile devices equipped with an image retrieving unit are all the rage, and thus image retrieval is indispensable to portable electronic devices nowadays, such as notebook computers, cellular phones, and PDA. In this regard, the quality of an image retrieving unit depends on the performance of an image sensor module inside the image retrieving unit. In turn, the performance of an image sensor module extremely depends on an image sensing chip package therein.
The purpose of packaging is to prevent an image sensor module from being damaged by an external force or for an environmental reason in the course of use, and provide electrical connection between the image sensor module and an external device to thereby enable signal transmission.
However, various packaging methods in use have drawbacks or rooms for improvement as follows:
1. Space: a conventional chip-on-board (COB) package occupies relatively large space, because it comprises metal wires for use in wire bonding; a conventional COB package involves adhering an image sensing chip to a substrate or a circuit board, and thus it is difficult to reduce the total height of the package (i.e., the sum of the height of the package and the height of the substrate or circuit board); in an attempt to solve the problem with the space-consuming wire bonding structure based on COB packaging, a combination of a chip scale package structure and a wafer level lens assembly package (CSP+WLO) was put forth but found to be ineffective in reducing the total height of the module, because a chip scale package (CSP) structure requires a piece of glass for protecting a chip sensing region, and thus the total optical focal length increases with the glass thickness; also, COB packaging requires a substrate or a circuit board and therefore incurs manufacturing costs.
2. Side light leakage: all conventional packaging methods are susceptible to side light leakage and thus require an extra light mask or a masking layer coated on one side of a lens assembly; as a result, the extra light mask or coating not only incurs raw material costs but also increases the steps of a working procedure.
3. Focusing: conventional packaging methods entail performing the step of focusing by means of a focusing unit in order to focus on the image sensing chip; however, this step requires a specific apparatus and work procedure which incur costs.1. Field
The following description relates to time synchronization technology, and more particularly, to a parallel processing-based time synchronization apparatus, which provides more precise and reliable time synchronization between a master device and a slave device based on parallel processing.
2. Description of the Related Art
In general, to establish time synchronization between at least two devices located in a packet switching network, a protocol specific for time synchronization is required. A device which provides a reference time for the time synchronization is set as a master, and a device which is to be time synchronized to the master device is set as a slave, and then a message containing time information of each device is exchanged between the master and the slave to realize the time synchronization therebetween.
Packet switching networks which deploy low cost Ethernet technologies are gradually replacing circuit switching networks, and the need for high precision time synchronization protocol is increasing for a real time streaming service. To this end, the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) has developed and standardized the precision time protocol (PTP) which is a synchronization protocol with high precision.
FIG. 1 illustrates a diagram of a procedure of establishing time synchronization between a master device and a slave device according to the PTP. The PTP is a synchronization protocol that synchronizes a slave device to a master device by allowing the slave and master devices to exchange synchronization messages, each of which is formed of synchronization packets and delay packets and contains Time of Day (ToD) which is time information, at intervals of a predetermined period TP when clocks of the devices to be synchronized have a master-slave relationship.
According to the synchronization protocol, the slave device computes differences (hereinafter, referred to as “time offset”) between its time information and time information of the master device at intervals of a synchronization message exchange period of the synchronization protocol by use of Equations 1 and 2 below, and filters the computed value using a filter to obtain a filtered time offset value. The slave device uses the filtered time offset value to adjust time information and frequency information driven by a local clock, thereby establishing time synchronization with the master device.Propagation delay Dly=[(TM4−TM1)−(TS3−TS2)]/2  (1)Time offset Offs=TS2−TM1−Dly  (2)
Here, Offs represents a time offset value between a master device and a slave device, and Dly represents a propagation delay value between the master device and the slave device. Furthermore, TM1/represents time information about when a synchronization packet departs from the master device, TM4 represents time information about when a delay packet arrives at the master device, TS2 represents time information about when the synchronization packet arrives at the slave device, and TS3 represents time information about when the delay packet departs from the slave device.
The precision of the time synchronization indicates the degree of accuracy in time synchronization between a master device and a slave device through computation of a time offset value and delay time. Factors that improve the precision of the time synchronization include a synchronization message exchange period, a filter design, and a time stamping method.
For example, to achieve high precision time synchronization, the synchronization message exchange period may be shortened, a low-pass filter may be designed to have a narrow bandwidth or time stamping procedures for identifying starting or arrival time of synchronization messages may be implemented in a hardware fashion so that precision of a time stamp value can be increased.
In general, a series of procedures for time synchronization using synchronization protocol are implemented by software, except for a time stamp procedure. However, when it is required to accelerate the synchronization message exchange period for higher precision time synchronization, or when the load of general packets to be processed by software is increased, it is difficult to update a filter output computed by software to the slave device at each synchronization message exchange period, and if delays occur periodically, the updating of time information is accordingly delayed. Thus it becomes very difficult for reliable time synchronization to be achieved.
Moreover, when the entire time information value of the slave device is simultaneously changed in order to update a time offset value computed at each synchronization message exchange period to the slave device, phase changes abruptly occur according to the change of the time information, and as a result a problem occurs which leads to the phase noise of a reference clock generated based on the slave device increasing.
That is, when time synchronization is performed in a software manner, a processing speed is decreased due to overload of the operation processing or short synchronization message exchange period, and hence time synchronization performance deterioration and failure in synchronization may occur. On the other hand, when the time synchronization is performed in a hardware manner in order to expedite the processing speed, the design of such hardware and implementation thereof may be complicated. Thus, a need for a technology providing a more precise and reliable time synchronization between a slave device and a master device is increasing.Stroke, defined as an abnormality in brain function resulting from disruption of cerebral circulation, is one of the leading causes of death in the U.S. Even when a stroke does not result in death, the costs it imposes on the victim may include serious physical and emotional damage, which may result in loss of productivity. These costs stem from the tremendous damage done to the victim's brain by the stroke. With a reduction in oxygen and glucose, cells display a rapid disruption of protein synthesis, depletion of intracellular energy stores, destabilization of the cell membrane, and activation of the NMDA receptor, leading to excitotoxic and oxidative cell damage in the brain. In an attempt to survive and repair the oxidative damage and return the cell to homeostasis, numerous compensatory energy-consuming processes are activated. However, over-activation of these pathways can deleterious, further depleting cellular energy, and resulting in further brain damage. Such brain damage is, generally, irreversible. Accordingly, a method of protecting brain tissue from damage during a stroke (neuroprotection) would be tremendously important.
AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK), a member of a metabolite-sensing protein kinase family, is a known sensor of peripheral energy balance (Carting D., “The AMP-activated protein kinase cascade—a unifying system for energy control.” Trends Biochem Sci 6:314 (2): 580-585, 2004.) AMPK is a heterotrimeric protein composed of a catalytic α subunit (α1 or α2), and 2 regulatory subunits (β and γ). AMPK is phosphorylated and activated when cellular energy levels are low. AMPK in turn regulates cellular metabolism and chronically regulates gene expression to restore ATP levels. Increases in the AMP/ATP ratio, changes in cellular pH and redox status, and increases in the creatine/phosphocreatine ratio are known to activate AMPK (Hardie D G, Salt I P, Hawley S A, Davies S P, “AMP-activated protein kinase: an ultrasensitive system for monitoring cellular energy charge,” Biochem J 338:717-22, 1999; Hawley S A, Davison M, Woods A, et al., “Characterization of the AMP-activated protein kinase kinase from rat liver and identification of threonine 172 as the major site at which it phosphorylates AMP-activated protein kinase,” J Biol Chem 271:27879-87, 1996.) AMPK increases fatty acid oxidation and restricts fatty acid synthesis in an attempt to augment ATP levels in energy-depleted cells. However, in neurons that have a restricted capacity for fatty acid oxidation, this effect could be deleterious (Almeida A, Moncada S, Bolanos J P, “Nitric oxide switches on glycolysis through the AMP protein kinase and 6-phosphofructo-2-kinase pathway,” Nature Cell Biology 6:45-51, 2004).
Inhibition of fatty acid synthase (FAS), the enzyme responsible for the de novo synthesis of palmitate, with C75, a synthetic FAS inhibitor disclosed in U.S. Pat. No. 5,981,575 (incorporated herein by reference), increases ATP levels in a number of cell types, including neurons. AMPK is highly expressed in neurons in the hypothalamus, where it appears to play a role in the regulation of food intake. Hypothalamic phosphorylated AMPK (pAMPK) is increased with starvation; C75 treatment inactivates and dephosphorylates AMPK, and induces profound anorexia.
The consequences of AMPK activation in neurons that do not have access to energy supplies is unknown. Until the present invention, it has been unclear whether AMPK activation during stress was protective or damaging. There have been no prior studies examining the role of AMPK in stroke.1. Field of Invention
The present invention relates to semiconductor processing, and in particular, to chemical vapor deposition in a high density plasma reactor.
2. Related Art
High density plasma (HDP) chemical vapor deposition (CVD) processes are used in the fabrication of integrated circuits for depositing films on a substrate. One application of an HDP CVD process is to fill gaps on a semiconductor device having high aspect ratios (e.g., about 2.5:1 or greater) and close spacing (e.g., about 0.25 xcexcm or less). Existing HDP CVD processes typically employ deposition with a process gas mixture that includes oxygen, silane, and inert gases, such as argon, to achieve simultaneous dielectric etching and deposition.
In an HDP process, RF bias is applied to a wafer substrate in a reaction chamber. As a result, the flux of deposition precursors is perpendicular to the wafer, and the net film growth occurs perpendicularly to the bottom of the feature. Some of the gas molecules (particularly argon) are ionized in the plasma and accelerate toward the wafer surface when the RF bias is applied to the substrate. Material is thereby sputtered when the ions strike the surface. As a result, dielectric material deposited on the wafer surface is simultaneously sputter-etched to help keep gaps open during the deposition process, which allows higher aspect ratio gaps to be filled.
An important goal in HDP deposition of these and other layers is to deposit a film of uniform thickness across the surface of a substrate and across different batches of substrates. One factor mitigating against uniform deposition is dopant concentrations in the processing environment. In HDP CVD processes, this is important because the reactor can act either as a sink or a source for dopants that affect the growth rate on the wafer.
A typical HDP CVD reactor includes a reaction chamber having an upper lid or dome, typically made of a ceramic such as aluminum oxide (Al2O3). During the deposition process, process gases are introduced into the chamber, and a plasma of the processing gases is generated within the chamber to effectuate chemical vapor deposition onto the substrate. However, the deposition typically occurs on all the surfaces exposed to the processing gases, including the interior surfaces of the chamber. If the dopant concentration of the processing environment is not in equilibrium, a shift in deposition rate can occur. This shift in deposition rate due to changing reactor conditions can be as high as 500 xc3x85/min.
When the reactor is in an idle state, an argon and oxygen plasma, Known as an xe2x80x9cidle plasmaxe2x80x9d, is used maintain the reactor temperature. The oxygen in the idle plasma will deplete the fluorine species adsorbed to the sidewalls over time. This creates an environment that is not in equilibrium. For example, when depositing fluorine-doped silicon oxide layers, such as fluorosilicate glass (FSG), a reactor in an idle condition has been depleted of the dopants adsorbed to the chamber surfaces. When FSG deposition begins again, SiF species are adsorbed again to the reactor walls. This retards the deposition on the substrate surface. As the reactor approaches an equilibrium state, the deposition rate on the substrate rises and eventually levels off. Depending on the reactor conditions, the dopant concentration, and the target thickness of the FSG on the wafer, 200 or more deposition sequences may be required to reach a steady state. Once the reactor is in a steady state, processing must be continuous or the idle plasma will again begin to deplete the adsorbed dopants in the reactor causing the deposition rate on subsequent wafers to be reduced.
Accordingly, it is desirable to deposit a dielectric film without the problems discussed above that are associated with conventional techniques.
In accordance with one aspect of the present invention, prior to beginning deposition of doped dielectric layers on wafers, a high density plasma (HDP) chemical vapor deposition (CVD) chamber is first conditioned by forming a layer of the doped material within the chamber walls. This conditioning quickly brings the chamber to an equilibrium state so that subsequent deposition of the doped dielectric material onto wafers yields consistent deposition rates because dopants are already adsorbed to the chamber walls. Approximately constant deposition rates can be maintained as long as the reactor is running and depositing layers onto wafers. However, if the deposition is halted for a certain amount of time, e.g., 20 minutes, and the reactor becomes idle, the chamber is plasma cleaned and a thin layer of the doped material is deposited onto the chamber walls. Periodically, for example, every 12 hours, the chamber is plasma cleaned and the thin layer is re-deposited. This allows consistent deposition rates even when the reactor has been idle for prolonged periods of time.
In one embodiment, initial conditioning, such as after a wet clean, is carried out by introducing a gas containing silicon fluoride (SiF4), argon, and oxygen into the chamber to form a fluorosilicate glass (FSG) approximately 10 to 30 xcexcm thick. After idle (e.g., 20 minutes without processing), the chamber is plasma cleaned and a thin FSG layer of approximately 1 to 3 xcexcm is deposited. The plasma clean and deposition of the thin FSG layer is repeated periodically, e.g. every 12 hours, to maintain the chamber in an equilibrium state.
The present invention will be more fully understood when taken in light of the following detailed description taken together with the accompanying drawings.1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to a transmission gate and a semiconductor device.
2. Description of the Related Art
A conventional transmission gate is described. FIG. 8 is a circuit diagram illustrating the conventional transmission gate.
The transmission gate includes a PMOS transistor 91 and an NMOS transistor 92. In those transistors, gates thereof are controlled by complementary signals, and thus the transistors are turned ON/OFF simultaneously. When a low level voltage is input to the gate of the PMOS transistor 91, and a high level voltage is input to the gate of the NMOS transistor 92, electrical continuity of the transmission gate is established. Then, the transmission gate outputs an input voltage Vin as an output voltage Vout.
Here, a gate-to-source capacitance of the PMOS transistor 91 is represented by Cgsp, a gate-to-source capacitance of the NMOS transistor 92 is represented by Cgsn, a parasitic capacitance at an output terminal is represented by Ch, a threshold voltage of the PMOS transistor 91 is represented by −Vtp, and a threshold voltage of the NMOS transistor 92 is represented by Vtn. Further, a voltage magnitude applied to the gate of the PMOS transistor 91 is represented by V5, and a voltage magnitude applied to the gate of the NMOS transistor 92 is represented by V4. When the transmission gate is set so as to satisfy the following Expression (11), influence of clock feedthrough is reduced. Therefore, it is possible to attain high S/N characteristics (for example, see JP 07-169292 A).(V5−Vout−Vtp)·Cgsp/(Cgsp+Ch)=(V4−Vout−Vtn)·Cgsn/(Cgsn+Ch)  (11)
However, in the related art, Expression (11) is satisfied based on the presupposition that the input voltage Vin is a constant voltage (for example, (VDD+VSS)/2) and does not fluctuate. In other words, when the input voltage Vin fluctuates and therefore the output voltage Vout fluctuates, Expression (11) is not satisfied. Therefore, the S/N characteristics are degraded due to the influence of clock feedthrough.1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to an optical alignment polymer, an alignment layer using the same, and a liquid crystal display device having the alignment layer, and more particularly, to an optical alignment polymer having excellent optical alignment performance and stability against heat or impact, an alignment layer formed using the optical alignment polymer and a liquid crystal display device having the alignment layer.
2. The Related Art
In general, a liquid crystal display device has upper and lower substrate, transparent electrodes and alignment layers formed on the upper and lower substrates and a liquid crystal layer between the upper and lower alignment layers.
In the LCD having the aforementioned structure, according to an externally applied voltage, the arrangement of liquid crystals is changed by the electric field. According to the changed arrangement, external light introduced to the LCD is shielded or transmitted. The LCD is driven by such a property. In other words, if a voltage is applied to the transparent electrode layers, an electric field is formed in the liquid crystal layer. Thus, liquid crystals are driven in a predetermined direction. The light introduced into the liquid crystals of the LCD is shielded or transmitted according to the driving of the liquid crystals.
The functions of the LCD as a display device, i.e., light transmittance, response time, view angle or contrast, are determined by the arrangement characteristic of the liquid crystal molecules. Therefore, controlling the alignment of the liquid crystal molecules uniformly is a very important factor.
The uniform alignment state of the liquid crystals is difficult to accomplish by merely interposing the liquid crystals between the upper and lower substrates. Thus, it is generally known to form the alignment layers for aligning liquid crystals on the transparent electrode layers.
The alignment layer is conventionally formed by a rubbing method in which a thin film made of an organic polymer material such as polyimide or polyamide is formed, cured and then rubbed with a special cloth.
The rubbing method is easy to conduct and the process thereof is simple. However, minute particles or materials such as cellulose may separate from the cloth used in the rubbing treatment and contaminate the alignment layer. Further, depending on the material for forming the alignment layer, the alignment may not be accomplished smoothly. A thin film transistor may be damaged by static electricity generated during the rubbing treatment.
To solve the above-described problems, an optical alignment technology has been developed in which dust, static electricity or other pollutant particles are not generated and cleanliness is maintained during the overall process. According to such a non-destructive alignment method, polarized light is irradiated onto the optical alignment layer to cause anisotropic photopolymerization. As a result, the optical alignment layer has alignment characteristic, thereby uniformly aligning the liquid crystals. The polymer for the optical alignment layer includes polyvinylcinnamate (PVCN) and polyvinylmethoxyxinnamate (PVMC). These polymer compounds have an optically aligning functional group introduced into either a main chain or a side chain thereof.
If the alignment layer is formed using the optical alignment composition having such a polymer, the alignment performance by light and thermal stability becomes poor, and a pretilt angle of a liquid crystal of liquid crystal display device having the alignment layer decreases to almost 0.degree. C.Soil contamination from waste impoundments or ponds, leakage of buried waste, or dumping of waste directly onto the ground, has heretofore been recognized as a serious problem both in this country and abroad. Many techniques have been proposed for addressing this problem, ranging from removal of contaminated soil for redisposal or treatment, to in-situ treatment by chemical reaction in an effort to neutralize contaminants or encase the contaminated soil in solid concrete or the like. One particular method for in-situ-treatment of contaminated soil heretofore proposed in the art involves driving one or more augers into the earth while simultaneously injecting treatment fluid through nozzles in or associated with the auger drill bits. The auger is carried by apparatus suitable for movement between successive drill positions, so that holes are drilled and soil is treated in a pattern that ultimately includes an entire contaminated field. While this technique and theory have the significant advantages of economy, and of not requiring removal of contaminated soil, with consequent danger of dispersing gaseous contaminants and dust, these theoretical advantages have not heretofore been realized in fact.
One disadvantage of auger-type devices heretofore proposed lies in the small surface area and depth that can be treated in a single drilling operation. In an effort to increase coverage area and treatment efficiency, it has been proposed to provide multiple parallel augers rotated in an interlocking pattern. However, such multiple-auger systems still only cover a surface area of up to about thirty square feet in each penetration, and typically have a maximum penetration depth of about thirty-five feet. Furthermore, a rock or other obstruction can become wedged between the auger blades, locking the drill system and causing significant downtime for removal and repair.
It is therefore a general object of the present invention to provide an apparatus and method for contaminated soil treatment that obtain the advantages of auger-type techniques heretofore theorized but not in fact obtained in the art. A more specific object of the invention is to provide an apparatus and method of the described character that are capable of enhanced depth of soil penetration as compared with techniques heretofore proposed, that cover greater surface area on each drilling operation, and that thus may be operated more efficiently than techniques heretofore proposed. Another and related object of the invention is to provide a single-bit apparatus of the described character in which the drill bit is driven with enhanced power as compared with prior art devices, thereby enabling both greater surface area coverage and greater depth of soil penetration. A further object of the present invention is to provide an apparatus and method that are adapted for enhanced control of fluid injection for soil treatment for obtaining greater drilling speed, increased treatment efficiency and more efficient treatment control than prior art techniques of a similar character.1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to a polymer/cholesteric liquid crystal dispersion which is utilized for display elements, image/information recording elements and spatial light modulators, to a method of producing the dispersion and to a liquid crystal display element utilizing the dispersion.
2. Description of the Related Art
A cholesteric liquid crystal display element has, for example, the characteristics that it has a memory storing ability which can retain a display without any power source, it has the ability to obtain a bright display because no polarizing plate is used, and it enables color displaying without using a color filter. Attention has been therefore focused on such display elements in recent years (see, for example, Japanese Patent Application Laid-Open (JP-A) No. 05-080303).
A cholesteric liquid crystal, in particular, is made of rod-shaped molecules oriented spirally and reflects interference light having a wavelength which corresponds to the spiral pitch (called selective reflection). It therefore has the characteristics that bright color display is possible without using any color filter by designing the spiral pitch to have a length corresponding to the wavelength of a red color, a green color or a blue color.
Cholesteric liquid crystal sealed into a cell constituted by a pair of substrates provided with electrodes is known to take any of three types of oriented states: planar (P) orientation, focal conic (F) orientation and homeotropic (H) orientation as shown in FIG. 8A to FIG. 8C. In the figures, reference numeral 2 represents cholesteric liquid crystal, 21 and 22 represent a pair of substrates, and 11 and 12 represent electrodes. The P orientation is a state in which the spiral axis is oriented substantially perpendicular to the surface of the substrate and provides selective reflection. The F orientation is a state in which the spiral axis is oriented substantially parallel to the surface of the substrate, and light is transmitted in this state. The H orientation is an oriented state that appears when a sufficiently high voltage is applied between the pair of electrodes. In this state, the spiral is loosened, molecules are oriented perpendicular to the surface of the substrate, and light is transmitted. These three oriented states can be switched among each other by applying voltage between the electrodes.
Accordingly, if a light absorber having a color such as a black color is disposed on the backside of the cell, it is possible to obtain a bright display colored with the selective reflection color during the P orientation and a dark display colored with the black color of the light absorber during the F or H orientation. Among the above orientation forms, both the P orientation and the F orientation can exist stably without using any power source. The utilization of this property makes it possible to attain a memory display in which a display is maintained without using any power source.
On the other hand, a structure is known in which a polymer/cholesteric liquid crystal dispersion 4 obtained by dispersing a cholesteric liquid crystal 2 as particles in a polymer 1 is sandwiched between a pair of substrates 21 and 22 having electrodes 11 and 12, as shown in FIG. 9, instead of sealing the cholesteric liquid crystal directly between a pair of substrates having electrodes.
In this case as well, the above display principle may be similarly utilized. The polymer/cholesteric liquid crystal dispersion is more resistant than ordinary liquid crystal cells to stresses applied from the outside. Therefore, the dispersion is not only resistant to the breakdown of a stored image but can also be apparently handled as a solid. As a result, there are advantages in that the polymer/cholesteric liquid crystal dispersion can be handled in, for example, a production process more easily than a liquid cholesteric liquid crystal and can be laminated on other functional films such as an optical conductor.
As shown in FIG. 10, however, the reflection spectrum of the polymer/cholesteric liquid crystal dispersion is largely different from that of a liquid crystal cell, and the polymer/cholesteric liquid crystal dispersion has the following problems: (1) the spectrum of the polymer/cholesteric liquid crystal dispersion at the time of light reflection has significantly larger short-wavelength components than those of a liquid crystal cell, whereby only a color display having low color purity can be obtained and (2) the spectrum at the time of a dark display has large short-wavelength components, whereby only a display having a low contrast is obtained. There is also a problem in that (3) although a liquid crystal cell has a relatively stable reflectance at the time of a dark display (dark reflectance) over time, the polymer/cholesteric liquid crystal dispersion has a strong tendency toward an increase in this reflectance, which is accompanied by a display being made lighter in color over time.
The above problems are characteristics found to be common to several methods of producing the polymer/cholesteric liquid crystal dispersion, such as a cholesteric liquid crystal microcapsule using a gelatin and gum arabic as its wall material, a cholesteric liquid crystal microcapsule using a polyurethane resin as its wall material, and a polymer/cholesteric liquid crystal dispersion obtained by dispersing cholesteric liquid crystals in an aqueous solution of a polyvinyl alcohol resin, followed by drying.
Conventionally, the problems (1) and (2) have been caused by the superpositioning of boundary light scattering caused by a difference in refractive index between the polymer and the liquid crystal and have been considered to be unavoidable in polymer/cholesteric liquid crystal dispersions containing numerous cholesteric liquid crystal droplets in the direction of the film thickness. For this reason, as a measure for solving this problem, a method is disclosed, for example, in which a polymer/cholesteric liquid crystal dispersion is formed so as to contain only one liquid crystal droplet in the direction of the film thickness to decrease the influence of light scattering, in JP-A No. 6-160817.
Although contrast is certainly improved according to this method disclosed in JP-A No. 6-160817, the method has a problem in that the area percentage of the cholesteric liquid crystal is reduced, whereby reflectance is reduced. The problem (3) cannot be explained by interfacial light scattering, and neither the cause of nor a preventive measure for the problem has been known.In carrying several fishing rod and reel assemblies at the same time, it frequently occurs that the fishing lines of the various rods may become entangled. Further, there is frequently no convenient place to store small items of equipment associated with the fishing rods such as fishing tackle.
The prior art is already aware of U.S. Pat. No. 3,674,190 to Wright which carries plural fishing rod and reel assemblies along a backbone member. However, the device of Wright is both complicated in regard to the purposes of the present invention and does not provide a place for storing fishing tackle.1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates generally to the field of corn breeding. In particular, the invention relates to inbred corn seed and plants of the variety designated I181664, and derivatives and tissue cultures thereof
2. Description of Related Art
The goal of field crop breeding is to combine various desirable traits in a single variety/hybrid. Such desirable traits include greater yield, better stalks, better roots, resistance to insecticides, herbicides, pests, and disease, tolerance to heat and drought, reduced time to crop maturity, better agronomic quality, higher nutritional value, and uniformity in germination times, stand establishment, growth rate, maturity, and fruit size.
Breeding techniques take advantage of a plant""s method of pollination. There are two general methods of pollination: a plant self-pollinates if pollen from one flower is transferred to the same or another flower of the same plant. A plant cross-pollinates if pollen comes to it from a flower on a different plant.
Corn plants (Zea mays L.) can be bred by both self-pollination and cross-pollination. Both types of pollination involve the corn plant""s flowers. Corn has separate male and female flowers on the same plant, located on the tassel and the ear, respectively. Natural pollination occurs in corn when wind blows pollen from the tassels to the silks that protrude from the tops of the ear shoot.
Plants that have been self-pollinated and selected for type over many generations become homozygous at almost all gene loci and produce a uniform population of true breeding progeny, a homozygous plant. A cross between two such homozygous plants produces a uniform population of hybrid plants that are heterozygous for many gene loci. Conversely, a cross of two plants each heterozygous at a number of loci produces a population of hybrid plants that differ genetically and are not uniform. The resulting non-uniformity makes performance unpredictable.
The development of uniform corn plant hybrids requires the development of homozygous inbred plants, the crossing of these inbred plants, and the evaluation of the crosses. Pedigree breeding and recurrent selection are examples of breeding methods used to develop inbred plants from breeding populations. Those breeding methods combine the genetic backgrounds from two or more inbred plants or various other broad-based sources into breeding pools from which new inbred plants are developed by selfing and selection of desired phenotypes. The new inbreds are crossed with other inbred plants and the hybrids from these crosses are evaluated to determine which of those have commercial potential.
The pedigree breeding method involves crossing two genotypes. Each genotype can have one or more desirable characteristics lacking in the other; or, each genotype can complement the other. If the two original parental genotypes do not provide all of the desired characteristics, other genotypes can be included in the breeding population. Superior plants that are the products of these crosses are selfed and selected in successive generations. Each succeeding generation becomes more homogeneous as a result of self-pollination and selection. Typically, this method of breeding involves five or more generations of selfing and selection: S1xe2x86x92S2; S2xe2x86x92S3; S3xe2x86x92S4; S4xe2x86x92S5, etc. After at least five generations, the inbred plant is considered genetically pure.
Backcrossing can also be used to improve an inbred plant. Backcrossing transfers a specific desirable trait from one inbred or non-inbred source to an inbred that lacks that trait. This can be accomplished, for example, by first crossing a superior inbred (A) (recurrent parent) to a donor inbred (non-recurrent parent), which carries the appropriate locus or loci for the trait in question. The progeny of this cross are then mated back to the superior recurrent parent (A) followed by selection in the resultant progeny for the desired trait to be transferred from the non-recurrent parent. After five or more backcross generations with selection for the desired trait, the progeny are heterozygous for loci controlling the characteristic being transferred, but are like the superior parent for most or almost all other loci. The last backcross generation would be selfed to give pure breeding progeny for the trait being transferred.
A single cross hybrid corn variety is the cross of two inbred plants, each of which has a genotype which complements the genotype of the other. The hybrid progeny of the first generation is designated F1. Typically, F1 hybrids are more vigorous than their inbred parents. This hybrid vigor, or heterosis, is manifested in many polygenic traits, including markedly improved yields, better stalks, better roots, better uniformity and better insect and disease resistance. In the development of hybrids only the F1 hybrid plants are typically sought. An F1 single cross hybrid is produced when two inbred plants are crossed. A double cross hybrid is produced from four inbred plants crossed in pairs (Axc3x97B and Cxc3x97D) and then the two F1 hybrids are crossed again (Axc3x97B)xc3x97(Cxc3x97D).
The development of a hybrid corn variety involves three steps: (1) the selection of plants from various germplasm pools; (2) the selfing of the selected plants for several generations to produce a series of inbred plants, which, although different from each other, each breed true and are highly uniform; and (3) crossing the selected inbred plants with unrelated inbred plants to produce the hybrid progeny (F1). During the inbreeding process in corn, the vigor of the plants decreases. Vigor is restored when two unrelated inbred plants are crossed to produce the hybrid progeny (F1). An important consequence of the homozygosity and homogeneity of the inbred plants is that the hybrid between any two inbreds is always the same. Once the inbreds that give a superior hybrid have been identified, hybrid seed can be reproduced indefinitely as long as the homogeneity of the inbred parents is maintained. Conversely, much of the hybrid vigor exhibited by F1 hybrids is lost in the next generation (F2). Consequently, seed from hybrid varieties is not used for planting stock. It is not generally beneficial for farmers to save seed of F1 hybrids. Rather, farmers purchase F1 hybrid seed for planting every year.
North American farmers plant tens of millions of acres of corn at the present time and there are extensive national and international commercial corn breeding programs. A continuing goal of these corn breeding programs is to develop corn hybrids that are based on stable inbred plants and have one or more desirable characteristics. To accomplish this goal, the corn breeder must select and develop superior inbred parental plants.
In one aspect, the present invention provides a corn plant of the variety designated I181664. Also provided are corn plants having all the physiological and morphological characteristics of the inbred corn variety I181664. The inbred corn plant of the invention may further comprise, or have, a cytoplasmic or nuclear factor that is capable of conferring male sterility or otherwise preventing self-pollination, such as by self-incompatibility. Parts of the corn plant of the present invention are also provided, for example, pollen obtained from an inbred plant and an ovule of the inbred plant.
The invention also concerns seed of the corn plant I181664. A sample of this seed has been deposited under ATCC Accession No. PTA-3226. The inbred corn seed of the invention may be provided as an essentially homogeneous population of inbred corn seed of the corn plant designated I181664. Essentially homogeneous populations of inbred seed are those that consist essentially of the particular inbred seed, and are generally free from substantial numbers of other seed, so that the inbred seed forms between about 90% and about 100% of the total seed, and preferably, between about 95% and about 100% of the total seed. Most preferably, an essentially homogeneous population of inbred corn seed will contain between about 98.5%, 99%, 99.5% and about 99.9% of inbred seed, as measured by seed grow outs.
Therefore, in the practice of the present invention, inbred seed generally forms at least about 97% of the total seed. However, even if a population of inbred corn seed was found, for some reason, to contain about 50%, or even about 20% or 15% of inbred seed, this would still be distinguished from the small fraction (generally less than 2% and preferably less than 1%) of inbred seed that may be found within a population of hybrid seed, e.g., within a commercial bag of hybrid seed. In such a bag of hybrid seed offered for sale, Federal regulations require that the hybrid seed be at least about 95% of the total seed, or be labeled as a mixture. In the most preferred practice of the invention, the female inbred seed that may be found within a bag of hybrid seed will be about 1% of the total seed, or less, and the male inbred seed that may be found within a bag of hybrid seed will be negligible, i.e., will be on the order of about a maximum of 1 per 100,000, and usually less than this value.
The population of inbred corn seed of the invention can further be particularly defined as being essentially free from hybrid seed. The inbred seed population may be separately grown to provide an essentially homogeneous population of inbred corn plants designated I181664.
In another aspect of the invention, single locus converted plants of variety I181664 are provided. The single transferred locus may preferably be a dominant or recessive allele. Preferably, the single transferred locus will confer such traits as male sterility, yield stability, waxy starch, yield enhancement, industrial usage, herbicide resistance, insect resistance, resistance to bacterial, fungal, nematode or viral disease, male fertility, and enhanced nutritional quality. The single locus may be a naturally occurring maize gene introduced into the genome of the variety by backcrossing, a natural or induced mutation, or a transgene introduced through genetic transformation techniques. When introduced through transformation, a single locus may comprise one or more transgenes integrated at a single chromosomal location.
In yet another aspect of the invention, an inbred corn plant of the variety designated I181664 is provided, wherein a cytoplasmically-inherited trait has been introduced into said inbred plant. Such cytoplasmically-inherited traits are passed to progeny through the female parent in a particular cross. An exemplary cytoplasmically-inherited trait is the male sterility trait. Cytoplasmic-male sterility (CMS) is a pollen abortion phenomenon determined by the interaction between the genes in the cytoplasm and the nucleus. Alteration in the mitochondrial genome and the lack of restorer genes in the nucleus will lead to pollen abortion. With either a normal cytoplasm or the presence of restorer gene(s) in the nucleus, the plant will produce pollen normally. A CMS plant can be pollinated by a maintainer version of the same variety, which has a normal cytoplasm but lacks the restorer gene(s) in the nucleus, and continue to be male sterile in the next generation. The male fertility of a CMS plant can be restored by a restorer version of the same variety, which must have the restorer gene(s) in the nucleus. With the restorer gene(s) in the nucleus, the offspring of the male-sterile plant can produce normal pollen grains and propagate. A cytoplasmically inherited trait may be a naturally occurring maize trait or a trait introduced through genetic transformation techniques.
In another aspect of the invention, a tissue culture of regenerable cells of a plant of variety I181664 is provided. The tissue culture will preferably be capable of regenerating plants capable of expressing all of the physiological and morphological characteristics of the variety, and of regenerating plants having substantially the same genotype as other plants of the variety. Examples of some of the physiological and morphological characteristics of the variety I181664 include characteristics related to yield, maturity, and kernel quality, each of which is specifically disclosed herein. The regenerable cells in such tissue cultures will preferably be derived from embryos, meristematic cells, immature tassels, microspores, pollen, leaves, anthers, roots, root tips, silk, flowers, kernels, ears, cobs, husks, or stalks, or from callus or protoplasts derived from those tissues. Still further, the present invention provides corn plants regenerated from the tissue cultures of the invention, the plants having all the physiological and morphological characteristics of variety I181664.
In yet another aspect of the invention, processes are provided for producing corn seeds or plants, which processes generally comprise crossing a first parent corn plant with a second parent corn plant, wherein at least one of the first or second parent corn plants is a plant of the variety designated I181664. These processes may be further exemplified as processes for preparing hybrid corn seed or plants, wherein a first inbred corn plant is crossed with a second corn plant of a different, distinct variety to provide a hybrid that has, as one of its parents, the inbred corn plant variety I181664. In these processes, crossing will result in the production of seed. The seed production occurs regardless of whether the seed is collected or not.
In a preferred embodiment of the invention, the first step in xe2x80x9ccrossingxe2x80x9d comprises planting, preferably in pollinating proximity, seeds of a first and second parent corn plant, and preferably, seeds of a first inbred corn plant and a second, distinct inbred corn plant. Where the plants are not in pollinating proximity, pollination can nevertheless be accomplished by transferring a pollen or tassel bag from one plant to the other as described below.
A second step comprises cultivating or growing the seeds of said first and second parent corn plants into plants that bear flowers. Corn bears both male flowers (tassels) and female flowers (silks) in separate anatomical structures on the same plant.
A third step comprises preventing self-pollination of the plants, i.e., preventing the silks of a plant from being fertilized by any plant of the same variety, including the same plant. This is preferably done by emasculating the male flowers of the first or second parent corn plant, (i.e., treating or manipulating the flowers so as to prevent pollen production, in order to produce an emasculated parent corn plant), Self-incompatibility systems are also used in some hybrid crops for the same purpose. Self-incompatible plants still shed viable pollen and can pollinate plants of other varieties but are incapable of pollinating themselves or other plants of the same variety.
A fourth step comprises allowing cross-pollination to occur between the first and second parent corn plants. When the plants are not in pollinating proximity, this is done by placing a bag, usually paper or glassine, over the tassels of the first plant and another bag over the silks of the incipient ear on the second plant. The bags are left in place for at least 24 hours. Since pollen is viable for less than 24 hours, this assures that the silks are not pollinated from other pollen sources, that any stray pollen on the tassels of the first plant is dead, and that the only pollen transferred comes from the first plant. The pollen bag over the tassel of the first plant is then shaken vigorously to enhance release of pollen from the tassels, and the shoot bag is removed from the silks of the incipient ear on the second plant. Finally, the pollen bag is removed from the tassel of the first plant and is placed over the silks of the incipient ear of the second plant, shaken again and left in place. Yet another step comprises harvesting the seeds from at least one of the parent corn plants. The harvested seed can be grown to produce a corn plant or hybrid corn plant.
The present invention also provides corn seed and plants produced by a process that comprises crossing a first parent corn plant with a second parent corn plant, wherein at least one of the first or second parent corn plants is a plant of the variety designated I181664. In one embodiment of the invention, corn seed and plants produced by the process are first generation (F1) hybrid corn seed and plants produced by crossing an inbred in accordance with the invention with another, distinct inbred. The present invention further contemplates seed of an F1 hybrid corn plant. Therefore, certain exemplary embodiments of the invention provide an F1 hybrid corn plant and seed thereof An example of such a hybrid which can be produced with the variety designated I181664 is the hybrid designated 9901269.
In still yet another aspect of the invention, the genetic complement of the corn plant variety designated 181664 is provided. The phrase xe2x80x9cgenetic complementxe2x80x9d is used to refer to the aggregate of nucleotide sequences, the expression of which sequences defines the phenotype of, in the present case, a corn plant, or a cell or tissue of that plant. A genetic complement thus represents the genetic make up of an inbred cell, tissue or plant, and a hybrid genetic complement represents the genetic make up of a hybrid cell, tissue or plant. The invention thus provides corn plant cells that have a genetic complement in accordance with the inbred corn plant cells disclosed herein, and plants, seeds and diploid plants containing such cells.
Plant genetic complements may be assessed by genetic marker profiles, and by the expression of phenotypic traits that are characteristic of the expression of the genetic complement, e.g., isozyme typing profiles. Thus, such corn plant cells may be defined as having an SSR profile in accordance with the profile shown in Table 6, or a genetic isozyme typing profile in accordance with the profile shown in Table 7, or having both an SSR profile and an isozyme typing profile in accordance with the profiles shown in Table 6 and Table 7. It is understood that variety I181664 could also be identified by other types of genetic markers such as, for example, Simple Sequence Length Polymorphisms (SSLPs) (Williams et al., 1990), Randomly Amplified Polymorphic DNAs (RAPDs), DNA Amplification Fingerprinting (DAF), Sequence Characterized Amplified Regions (SCARs), Arbitrary Primed Polymerase Chain Reaction (AP-PCR), Amplified Fragment Length Polymorphisms (AFLPs) (EP 534 858, specifically incorporated herein by reference in its entirety), and Single Nucleotide Polymorphisms (SNPs) (Wang et al., 1998).
In still yet another aspect, the present invention provides hybrid genetic complements, as represented by corn plant cells, tissues, plants, and seeds, formed by the combination of a haploid genetic complement of an inbred corn plant of the invention with a haploid genetic complement of a second corn plant, preferably, another, distinct inbred corn plant. In another aspect, the present invention provides a corn plant regenerated from a tissue culture that comprises a hybrid genetic complement of this invention.
In still yet another aspect, the present invention provides a method of producing an inbred corn plant derived from the corn variety I181664, the method comprising the steps of: (a) preparing a progeny plant derived from corn variety I181664, wherein said preparing comprises crossing a plant of the corn variety I181664 with a second corn plant, and wherein a sample of the seed of corn variety I181664 has been deposited under ATCC Accession No. PTA-3226; (b) crossing the progeny plant with itself or a second plant to produce a seed of a progeny plant of a subsequent generation; (c) growing a progeny plant of a subsequent generation from said seed of a progeny plant of a subsequent generation and crossing the progeny plant of a subsequent generation with itself or a second plant; and (d) repeating steps (c) and (d) for an addition 3-10 generations to produce an inbred corn plant derived from the corn variety I181664. In the method, it may be desirable to select particular plants resulting from step (c) for continued crossing according to steps (b) and (c). By selecting plants having one or more desirable traits, an inbred corn plant derived from the corn variety I181664 is obtained which possesses some of the desirable traits of corn variety I181664 as well potentially other selected traits.1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to a cathode ray tube and, in particular, a cathode ray tube for applying a predetermined voltage to a corresponding electrode via a resistor unit which is disposed in the neck of a cathode ray tube.
2. Description of the Related Art
Generally, a color CRT is known as a CRT which is supplied with high voltage. The color CRT, usually, comprises an envelope 3 comprising a panel 1, a funnel 2 and a neck 6, as shown in FIG. 1. A phosphor screen (target) 5 is formed on the inner surface of the panel 1 and a shadow mask 4 is provided opposite to the phosphor screen (target) 5 which is composed of a three-color phosphor layer for emitting R (red), B (blue) and G (Green) light. At a time of use, a deflection yoke 20 is mounted near a boundary between a funnel 2 and a neck 6.
An electron gun assembly 7 is located in the neck 6 to emit three electron beams 9. The electron gun assembly 7 is composed of a plurality of electrodes, such as a cathode serving as an electron beam generating section, an electrode for controlling the generation of the electron beams 9 emitting from the cathode, and an electrode for focusing the electron beams toward the phosphor screen at accelerated speed. It is necessary to supply a high anode voltage of about 25 to 30 KV and medium voltage of about 5 to 8 KV (focusing voltage) to the corresponding electrodes.
A voltage which is to be applied to the associated electrode in the electron gun assembly 7 is applied there via a corresponding stem pin 17 which extends through a stem section 6a of the neck 6 in airtight fashion, noting that anode voltage is applied via an inner conductive film 16 which is formed on the inner surface of an anode terminal 8 and funnel 2. Supplying a medium voltage, such as a focusing voltage, via the stem section 6a poses a "arcing or flashover" problem as involved at a supply section such as a socket which is connected to the stem pin 17. This causes a complex structure.
A way for obtaining a requisite medium voltage through the division of anode voltage which is made by a resistor unit located within the CRT is disclosed in Japanese Utility Model Disclosure (KOKAI) Nos. 48-21561 and 55-38484 and U.S. Pat. Nos. 3,932,786 and 4,413,298. However, there is no adequate space for the resistor unit to be arranged within the CRT. For this reason, the resistor unit is located in a small space in the neck 6 such that it is situated near the electron gun assembly 7.
FIG. 2 is one form of an electron gun assembly having a resistor unit arranged in it. In an arrangement shown in FIG. 2, reference numeral 7 denotes electron gun assembly 10a, 10b, 10c (10b, 10c hidden from view in FIG. 2), heaters; 11a, 11b, 11c (11b, 11c hidden from view in FIG. 2), cathodes; G1, G2, G3, G4 and G5, first, second, third, fourth and fifth grids, respectively; 12, a shield cup; 13a, 13b, a pair of insulating support rods; 15, a spacer; 16, an inner conductive film and 17, a stem pin.
In the electron gun assembly 7, a resistor unit 14 is located at the back surface of the insulating support rod 13a.
The resistor unit 14 is formed as shown in FIG. 3. In the arrangement shown in FIG. 3, 18 denotes an insulating board; 19, a high resistance section; T1 . . . T4, voltage pickup terminals; and CN, a connector.
If the resistor unit 14 is arranged in a narrow space in the neck 6 such that it is located near the electron gun assembly 7, a relatively complex potential distribution is created in the space in the neck of the CRT, which is caused by a potential on each electrode in the electron gun assembly 7 and on the inner conductive film 16. For this reason, a problem occurs as set out below.
That is, since the surface of the neck 6 and those of the insulating support rods 13a, 13b and resistor unit 14 are formed with an insulating material, electrons leaking from an "electrode side" opening of the electron gun assembly 7 as well as electrons emitted from the electrode in the presence of a strong electric field are accelerated from a low to a high potential zone. Upon the collision of electrons on the insulating material as set forth above, many secondary electrons are generated, moving toward the high potential section while increasing in number. As a result, a greater discharge occurs, sometimes destroying a drive circuit for the CRT, the resistor unit 14, insulating support rods 13a, 13b and so on.
Even in the case where no greater discharge takes place, a tiny steady discharge may occur between the aforementioned material and the electrode. At that time, bluish white light is observed as a discharge, causing a variation in the potential on the insulating material as set forth above and in a potential distribution around the insulating material. This variation exerts an adverse effect upon an electron lens, thus degrading an electron beam spot configuration on the phosphor screen 5 and hence reducing image quality.
As a solution to the problem as set out above, Japanese Patent Disclosure (KOKAI) 57-119437 discloses the technique of using a metal ring for surrounding such an insulating support rod against a low or a medium potential electrode. Even in the arrangement shown in FIG. 2, a metal ring SR is placed at that location of the third grid G3 as near to an electrode pickup terminal T3 as possible to surround the insulating support rods 13a, 13b and resistor unit 14 with it. The metal ring SR is heated to form an evaporated matter on the inner wall of the neck 6. In FIG. 2, reference numeral 101 denotes a metal evaporation film, that is the evaporated matter.
In the arrangement using such a technique, an electric field still stays strong in the area of the resistor unit 14 which is situated near an electrode pickup terminal T2. A tiny discharge is developed between an involved location near to the electrode pickup terminal T2 and the metal deposition film 101 on the inner wall of the neck and between that and the insulating support rods 13a, 13b, causing a variation in a division voltage on the resistor unit 14. The variation of the division voltage fails to exhibit a given performance of an electronic lens. It is, therefore, not possible to prevent a deterioration in an electron beam spot pattern on the phosphor screen 5 and in an image quality.
In the case where a given voltage is applied to a corresponding electrode on the electron gun assembly 7 through a given division resistance on the resistor unit 14 which is located near the electron gun assembly 7 in the narrow space of the neck 6, if such a metal ring SR is used so as to prevent the occurrence of a discharge in the neck 6, there is less beneficial result in the event of the resistor unit's voltage pickup terminal being higher in voltage than the metal ring SR, failing to achieve complete prevention of a discharge in the neck 6 of the color CRT, that is, to achieve a normal operation of the color CRT.1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates generally to removable safety rail systems installed around rooftops to prevent workers from falling to the ground below. More particularly, the invention relates to a modular stanchion holder for such a removable guard rail system that can be mounted on either a parapet or an overhanging ledge rooftop periphery, as necessary.
2. Description of the Related Art
Construction sites are generally known to be very dangerous places. For this reason there are numerous federal and state laws that address the various health and safety issues associated with construction work and work conducted at construction sites, including rooftops and elevated areas. For instance, in the United States, Occupational Health and Safety Administration (OSHA) standards require contractors to install protective railings about a rooftop worksite according to specific guidelines. Moreover, state regulations and insurance companies mandate similar requirements. Because of this, several guardrail systems have been developed to comply with the many safety codes in existence. Among these is a safety rail system invented by the present applicant and disclosed in U.S. Pat. No. 6,053,281.
As a part of providing such a safety rail system, it is necessary to temporarily install vertical stanchions or support posts at spaced intervals around the perimeter of the work area to support the horizontal rails of the safety rail system. A variety of stanchion holders are known from safety rail systems of the prior art. For example, in the safety rail system disclosed in U.S. Pat. No. 3,863,900, each stanchion is provided with a horizontal foot that serves as a fixed jaw portion cooperating with a positionable and adjustable jaw portion to form a clamp that adjusts to clamp along a vertical clamping direction, whereby the stanchion can be clamped to an overhanging ledge. U.S. Pat. No. 3,995,833 teaches a safety rail system wherein each stanchion comprises a pair of telescopically adjustable tube segments, and each segment includes a jaw portion fixed thereto for clamping in a vertical direction to an overhanging ledge. A device for mounting a stanchion to a horizontal I-beam is described in U.S. Pat. Nos. 4,037,824 and 5,029,670, and includes a vertical stanchion-receiving sleeve fixed to a horizontal member having a fixed jaw portion and a movable jaw portion cooperating with the fixed jaw portion to clamp in a horizontal direction to a top leg of the I-beam. A safety rail system marketed by Protective Roofing Products Ltd. of Stoney Creek, Ontario, Canada, under the designation PR-100 provides a stanchion that is connectable at right angles to a mounting bracket that clamps in a horizontal direction, whereby the stanchion can be mounted to a parapet. Finally, it is known use cement anchors or other fasteners to secure a stanchion holder to a structure.
The clamping style systems of the prior art lack versatility in that they are designed to mount only to an overhanging ledge or only to a parapet. Systems requiring anchors are time-consuming and often require special tools to install.
Therefore, it is an object of the present invention to provide a stanchion holder that can be mounted on either a parapet or an overhanging ledge of a rooftop in a fast and simple manner to enable efficient installation of a safety rail system about the rooftop perimeter.
It is another object of the present invention to provide a versatile stanchion holder that can be constructed from readily available component parts.
In view of these and other objects, a stanchion holder formed in accordance with a preferred embodiment of the present invention generally comprises a clamp having a first stanchion sleeve fixed thereto, and a right-angle stanchion sleeve adapter having a second stanchion sleeve and a male portion sized for removable receipt within the first stanchion sleeve. The first stanchion sleeve extends in a direction substantially orthogonal to a clamping direction of the clamp, such that a stanchion can be inserted vertically into the first stanchion sleeve when a horizontal clamping direction is required, as with clamping to a parapet, and the adapter is omitted. When the male portion of the stanchion sleeve adapter is received by the first stanchion sleeve, the second stanchion sleeve provided on the adapter extends in a direction substantially parallel to the direction of clamping, whereby a stanchion can be inserted vertically into the second stanchion sleeve and the clamp can be secured to an overhanging ledge by applying clamping force in a vertical direction.
The clamp itself has a C-shaped frame including a spine portion, a first leg portion fixed with respect to the spine portion, and a second leg portion opposite the first leg portion and adjustable along the spine to change its distance from the first leg portion. The first sleeve portion is fixed to and extends along the first leg portion of the clamp frame.
The male portion of the adapter and the stanchion are preferably held in place within a corresponding sleeve passage by transverse pins, however other means of releasably retaining these members are contemplated.1. Technical Field
The present invention relates to a pipeline-type analog-to-digital converter.
2. Related Art
Conventionally, there has been known a pipeline-type analog-to-digital (A/D) converter in which an A/D converting stage (stage) of a small bit number is cascade-connected and digital values obtained in each stage are computed so as to obtain a final digital value. For example, refer to JP-A-2005-252326.
In each stage, an input analog signal is quantized by a sub A/D converter to be converted into a digital signal, and then the digital signal is digital-to analog converted by a sub D/A converter. The input analog signal and the analog signal produced by the sub D/A converter are subjected to a subtraction process. The resulting signal is amplified by an operational amplifier to be outputted to a subsequent stage.
In the pipeline-type A/D converter, a good linearity is required in which a relation between an analog input and a digital output shows a line. The linearity of the input and output signals, however, has not been thoroughly examined in known patents. Thus, improving the input-output linearity has been expected.A typical form of apparatus for testing non-rotationally symmetrical hollow bodies for defects comprises a feed means for continuously conveying the hollow bodies into a test region of the apparatus, a means for conveying the hollow bodies through the test region of the apparatus, and a discharge means for conveying the hollow bodies out of the test region. Such an apparatus is used when there is a wish to check and inspect glass bodies of the above-indicated kind for surface defects such as for example cracks or irregular wall thicknesses in an automated procedure after production of the glass bodies, and to separate out glass bodies which are found to be defective.1. Field of the Invention
The invention relates to a shift control apparatus and shift control method for a vehicular automatic transmission, which enables suppression of a drop in rotational speed of an input shaft which occurs during a clutch-to-clutch downshift executed while a vehicle is decelerating.
2. Description of the Related Art
A shift control apparatus for a vehicular automatic transmission is known which, when executing a clutch-to-clutch downshift, executes shift hydraulic pressure control so as to reduce an apply pressure of a hydraulic friction device to be released, which was applied in order to achieve a predetermined speed before the downshift, while increasing an apply pressure of a hydraulic friction device to be applied in order to achieve a predetermined speed after the downshift. According to JP(A) 11-287318, for example, during the clutch-to-clutch downshift, feedback control is performed on the apply pressure of the hydraulic friction device to be applied so that a transmitted torque capacity of the hydraulic friction device to be applied becomes constant, i.e., so that a rotational speed of an input shaft of the automatic transmission increases at a constant rate.
In the aforementioned shift control apparatus for a vehicular automatic transmission, the engine speed drops during the clutch-to-clutch downshift when the vehicle is decelerating, and then increases again when the hydraulic friction device to be applied is applied. This combination of a drop followed by an increase in engine speed results in shift shock or a delay in the shift time. Also, fuel efficiency may be reduced if the drop in engine speed is large enough to require that the fuel supply be restarted.
In comparison, it is conceivable to automatically suppress the drop in engine speed during the clutch-to-clutch downshift while the vehicle is decelerating, and appropriately reduce or eliminate shift shock or a delay in shift time caused by that drop. It is also possible to appropriately reduce the adverse effect on fuel efficiency caused by fuel being supplied to the engine again due to a further drop in engine speed. However, doing so may result in shift shock occurring when there is little or no drop in engine speed.The invention relates to methods and equipment for establishing data security in an e-mail service between an e-mail server and a mobile terminal.
Data security in an e-mail service is achieved by using cryptographic techniques in which traffic in a potentially insecure channel is encrypted using cryptographic information, commonly called encryption keys. A problem underlying the invention relates to distributing such encryption information. Prior art techniques for distributing the encryption information are commonly based on public key encryption techniques, such as Diffie-Hellman. A problem with this approach is that the parties have to trust the underlying mobile network and its operator, which they are surprisingly reluctant to do. Another problem is that mobile terminals tend to have small and restricted user interfaces.Arachidonic acid (all-cis-5,8,11,14-eicosatetraenoic acid) is a polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) containing 20 carbon atoms with four double bonds. The double bonds are arranged with the last one located six carbon atoms from the methyl end of the chain. Therefore, arachidonic acid is referred to as an omega-6 fatty acid. Arachidonic acid is one of the most abundant C.sub.20 PUFA's in the human body. It is particularly prevalent in organ, muscle and blood tissues. Arachidonic acid is a direct precursor for a number of circulating eicosenoids, such as prostaglandins, thromboxanes, leukotrienes and prostacyclins, which are important biological regulators. These eicosenoids exhibit regulatory effects on lipoprotein metabolism, blood rheology, vascular tone, leukocyte function, platelet activation and cell growth. The application of arachidonic acid to an infant's diet is particularly important due to the rapid body growth of an infant. Arachidonic acid is an important precursor to many of the eicosanoids which regulate cellular metabolism and growth in infants. It is found naturally in human breast milk but not in most infant formula. In an effort to have infant formula match the long chain fatty acid profile found in breast milk, scientific and food regulatory bodies have recommended that arachidonic acid be added to infant formula, especially in formula utilized for premature infants.
In particular, it is preferable that arachidonic acid containing oil produced for use with infant formula contain little or no other long chain highly unsaturated fatty acids (e.g., eicosapentanoic acid). Such other long chain highly unsaturated fatty acids are not preferred because some of these fatty acids can interfere with the utilization of arachidonic acid by the infant, and/or can inhibit blending of the arachidonic acid-containing oil with other oils to achieve the appropriate ratio of fatty acids matching breast milk or other desired applications. Highly unsaturated fatty acids are defined as fatty acids containing 4 or more double bonds.
Traditional sources of arachidonic acid include poultry eggs, bovine brain tissue, pig adrenal gland, pig liver and sardines. The yield of arachidonic acid, however, is usually less than 0.2% on a dry weight basis. The use of microorganisms capable of producing arachidonic acid de novo have been suggested by various investigators, including Kyle, PCT Publication No. WO 92/13086, published Aug. 6, 1992; Shinmen et al., U.S. Pat. No. 5,204,250, issued Apr.20, 1993; Shinmen et al., pp. 11-16, 1989, Appl. Microbiol. Biotechnol., vol. 31; Totani et al., pp. 1060-1062, 1987, LIPIDS, vol. 22; Shimizu et al., pp. 509-512, 1992, LIPIDS, vol. 27; Shimizu et al., pp. 342-347, 1989, JAOCS, vol. 66; Shimizu et al., pp. 1455-1459, 1988, JAOCS, vol. 65; Shimizu et al., pp. 254-258, 1991, JAOCS, vol. 68; Sajbidor et al., pp. 455-456, 1990, Biotechnology Letters, vol. 12; Bajpai et al., pp. 1255-1258, 1991, Appl. Environ. Microbiol., vol. 57; Bajpai, pp. 775-780, 1991, JAOCS, vol. 68; and Gandhi et al., pp. 1825-1830, 1991, J. Gen. Microbiol., vol. 137. The arachidonic acid productivity by the microorganisms disclosed by prior investigators, however, is less than 0.67 grams per liter per day. Such amounts are significantly less than the amounts of arachidonic acid produced by the microorganisms of the present invention. These lower productivity values are the result of employing strains: (1) with slow growth or lipid production rates leading to long fermentation times (i.e., greater than 2-3 days) ( Kyle, 1992, ibid.; Shinmen et al., 1993, ibid.; Shinmen et al., 1989, ibid.; Bajpai et al., 1991, ibid.; Bajpai, ibid.; and Gandhi et al., ibid.); and/or (2) that contain low arachidonic acid contents (expressed as % fatty acids) in the final oil produced (Shinmen et al., 1993, ibid.; Shimizu et al., 1989, ibid.; and Kendrick and Ratledge, 1992, pp. 15-20, Lipids, vol. 27); and/or (3) which require long periods of stress (i.e., aging a biomass for 6-28 days) to achieve high levels of arachidonic acid in a biomass (Bajpai et al., 1991, ibid. and Shinmen et al., 1989, ibid.); and/or (4) that only exhibit high arachidonic acid content in non-commercial growth conditions (e.g., malt agar plates) (Totani and Oba, 1987, pp. 1060-1062, Lipids, vol. 22). In addition, non-Mortierella schmuckeri microorganisms that have been proposed for producing arachidonic acid, in particular Pythium insidiosum microorganisms, disclosed by prior investigators (Kyle, 1992, ibid.), have been reported to be pathogenic to humans and/or animals.
Thus, there remains a need for an economical, commercially feasible method for producing arachidonic acid. The present invention satisfies that need. There also remains a need for the an economical, commercially feasible food product for the introduction of arachidonic acid produced according to the present invention into the diet of human infants.1. Field of the Present Invention
The present invention relates to a semiconductor memory device, and more particularly to an array of flash memory cells, in which a unit cell includes a single transistor and to methods for programming and erasing the same.
2. Discussion of the Related Art
An ideal memory element allows for easy programming (writing), easy erasing, and retains a memory state even if power is removed, i.e., is nonvolatile. Nonvolatile semiconductor memories (NVSM) are classified into two typesxe2x80x94a floating gate type and a metal insulator semiconductor (MIS) type. The MIS type also may have two or more kinds of stacked dielectric films.
The floating gate type memory uses a potential well to implement memory functions. ETOX (EPROM Tunnel Oxide) structure, which has recently been the most applicable technology for the flash EEPROM (Electrically Erasable Read Only Memory), is typical of the floating gate type. The floating gate type structure can be used to implement a memory cell using a single transistor.
On the other hand, the MIS type memory function uses traps formed in a dielectric film bulk, a boundary layer between two dielectric films, or a boundary layer between a dielectric film and a semiconductor. The MONOS/SONOS (Metal/Poly Silicon Oxide Nitride Oxide Semiconductor) structure, which is used as a full-featured EEPROM, is typical.
To execute the program and erase operations in these memory cells, it is essential that selection transistors be included in addition to the transistors of MONOS/SONOS structure. In other words, each memory cell must include at least two transistors.
The array of conventional flash memory cells and the methods for programming and erasing the same are explained in detail by referring to the accompanying drawings FIGS. 1-2B. As seen in FIG. 1, a unit cell of the conventional flash memory cells includes two transistors.
FIG. 2A shows an array of conventional flash memory cells using the cell in FIG. 1 as the unit cell, and bias conditions for programming the cells. FIG. 2B shows the array of conventional flash memory cells using the cell in FIG. 1 as a unit cell and the bias conditions for erasing the cells.
As seen, the array of conventional flash memory cells is constructed by arranging unit cells in a form of matrix. Each cell includes two transistorsxe2x80x94a memory transistor having a MONOS/SONOS structure and a selection transistor for determining whether the cell is selected or not.
A plurality of word lines are constructed in a direction so that the gates memory transistors arranged in a row are commonly connected.
A plurality of word selection lines are constructed in a direction parallel to the word lines so that the gates of selection transistors arranged in a row are commonly connected.
A plurality of bit lines are constructed in a direction perpendicular to the word lines so that the drains of memory transistors arranged in a column are commonly connected.
A plurality of bit selection lines are constructed in a direction parallel to the bit lines so that the drains of selection transistors arranged in a column are commonly connected.
As mentioned above, the conventional unit cell includes a memory transistor having the MONOS/SONOS structure and a selection transistor. A cell is selected by selecting the selection transistor, and program and erase operations are performed on the associated memory transistor.
As shown in FIG. 1, the memory transistor has an ONO (Oxide Nitride Oxide) structure including a first oxide film 11, a nitride film 12, and a second oxide film 13 sequentially stacked on a portion of a semiconductor substrate 10. A first gate electrode 15a is formed on the oxide film 13.
The selection transistor includes a gate oxide film 14 and a second gate electrode 15b formed on the gate oxide film 14. The gate oxide film 14 of the selection transistor is thicker than the first and second oxide films 11 and 13 so that a portion of the selection transistor is isolated from the first gate electrode 15a. 
A common source region 16a is formed in a portion of the semiconductor substrate 10 between the memory transistor and the selection transistor. Drain regions 16b are formed in portions of the semiconductor substrate 10 at the outside of the memory and selection transistors.
In the conventional flash memory cell, programming is accomplished by applying a high positive voltage to the first gate electrode 15a. When the high voltage is so applied, electrons from the semiconductor substrate 10 tunnel through the first oxide film 11 and are injected into the nitride film 12. Thus, the first oxide film 11 is called a tunneling oxide.
The second oxide film 13 prevents electrons injected into the nitride film 12 from leaking into the first gate electrode 15a. The second oxide film 13 also prevents electrons from being injected from the first gate electrode 15a into the nitride film 12. Thus, the second oxide film 13 is called a blocking oxide.
Since the program operation uses traps in the boundary layer between the nitride film 12 and the second oxide film 13, electrons should be injected into or emitted from the entire region of a substrate channel to perform the program and erase operations.
When performing a programming operation, the array of cells is biased in a certain manner. The programming bias condition for the array of conventional flash memory cells is explained as follows.
Referring to FIG. 2A, a unit cell, among the plurality of flash memory cells, is selected for programming. Thereafter, a voltage Vp is applied to the word line connected to the gate of the selected memory transistor. Vp is also applied to the word selection line connected to the gate of the selection transistor of the selected cell. Due to the arrangement, the gates of memory transistors and selection transistors of other cells in the same row are also applied with the same Vp voltage.
However, a ground voltage is applied to the word lines of the non-selected rows. Also, the word selection lines of the non-selected rows have their voltages left floating.
For the bit line connected to a drain of the selected memory transistor, the ground voltage is applied. However, for the non-selected bit lines, a voltage Vi is applied. Similarly, for the bit selection line connected to the drain of the selected selection transistor, voltage is left floating, while the non-selected bit selections lines have ground voltages applied.
Finally, ground voltage is also applied to the well (semiconductor substrate) at the lower portion of all the cells regardless of whether that cell is selected or not. The aforementioned bias conditions are simultaneously applied.
Table 1 describes the bias conditions for the programming operation in a table form.
Note that multiple cells maybe selected at a time for programming, such as a byte at a time.
When performing an erasing operation, the array of cells is differently biased from the programming operation. The erasing bias condition for the array of conventional flash memory cells is explained as follows.
Referring to FIG. 2B, a unit cell is selected for erasing. Thereafter, the ground voltage is applied to the word line connected to the gate of the selected memory transistor. Also, Vp is applied to the word selection line connected to the gate of the selection transistor of the selected cell.
However, for the non-selected word lines, voltage Vp is applied, while the word selection lines are left floating.
For the bit line connected to a drain of the selected memory transistor, the ground voltage is applied. However, for the non-selected bit lines, a voltage Vi is applied. Similarly, for the bit selection line connected to the drain of the selected selection transistor, voltage is floating, while the non-selected bit selection lines have ground voltages applied.
Finally, as in the programming operation described above, ground voltage is applied to the well (semiconductor substrate) at the lower portion of all the cells regardless of whether that cell is selected or not. The aforementioned bias conditions are simultaneously applied.
The table 2 describes the bias conditions for the erasing operation in a table form.
Again, multiple cells may be selected for erasing, such as a byte at a time.
The array of conventional flash memory cells and the program and erase methods using the same have the following problems. First, because two transistors are used for a single cell, the area for a chip becomes large and it is difficult to isolate cells from each other. Second, programming the chip is complex.
It is therefore an object of the present invention to improve the integrity of a chip by using a single transistor for a single cell.
It is another object of the present invention to easily implement the program operation by the byte and the erase operation in bulk by providing an array whose single cell comprises a single transistor.
Additional features and advantages of the invention will be set forth in the description that follows, and in part will be apparent from the description, or may be learned by practice of the invention. The objectives and other advantages of the invention will be realized and attained by the structure particularly pointed out in the written description and claims hereof as well as the appended drawings.
To achieve these and other advantages in accordance with the purpose of the present invention, as embodied and broadly described, an array of flash memory cells according to the present invention comprises a plurality of flash memory cells, each of the cells having a MONOS/SONOS structure and being arranged in the form of a matrix, a plurality of word lines arranged in one line direction so that the gates of the flash memory cells arranged in one and the same row are commonly connected, a plurality of selection lines arranged in a direction perpendicular to the word lines so that the sources of the flash memory cells arranged in one and the same column are commonly connected, and a plurality of bit lines arranged in a direction parallel to the selection lines so that the drains of the flash memory cells arranged in one and the same column are commonly connected.
A data program method using the array of the flash memory cells according to the present invention, in a plurality of word lines, selection lines and bit lines respectively connected to the gates, sources and drains of a plurality of flash memory cells arranged in the form of a matrix and wells formed in the lower portion of each of the flash memory cells, comprises a first step for selecting one cell among a plurality of the flash memory cells; a second step for applying a power supply voltage Vcc to the word line connected to the gate of the selected cell and a voltage xe2x88x92Vpp to the well in the lower portion of the selected cell and to the selection and bit lines connected to the source and drain of the selected cell; a third step for performing the second step and at the same time applying a ground voltage to the selection and bit lines of the cells connected to the same word line as the selected cell and a voltage xe2x88x92Vpp to the wells; and a fourth step for performing the first and second steps and at the same time applying a ground voltage to the word lines of the cells not connected to the same word line as the selected cell and a voltage xe2x88x92Vpp to the wells and to the selection and bit lines of the cells not connected to the same word line as the selected cell.
A data erase method using the array of the flash memory cells according to the present invention, in a plurality of word lines, selection lines and bit lines which are connected, respectively, to the gates, the sources and the drains of a plurality of flash memory cells arranged in the form of a matrix and wells formed in the lower portion of each of the flash memory cell, comprises a first step for applying a voltage xe2x88x92Vpp to the word lines of the cells and a second step for performing the first step and at the same time applying a power supply voltage Vcc to the selection and bit lines of the cells and to the wells in the lower portion of the cells.
Other objects, features, and advantages of the present invention will be apparent from the accompanying drawings and from the detailed description that follows.
It is to be understood that both the foregoing general description and the following detailed description are exemplary and explanatory and are intended to provide further explanation of the invention as claimed.1. Technical Field
The present invention generally relates to electronic musical instruments, and more particularly, to electronic musical instruments capable of generating musical sounds with plural timbres in response to a sound generation instruction.
2. Related Art
Electronic musical instruments having a plurality of keys composing a keyboard, in which, upon depressing plural ones of the keys, different timbres are assigned to each of the depressed plural keys, and musical sounds at pitches designated by the depressed keys are generated with the timbres assigned to the depressed keys, are known. An example of such related art is Japanese Laid-open Patent Application SHO 57-128397.
Another electronic musical instrument known to date generates musical sounds with multiple timbres concurrently in response to each key depression. For example, musical sounds that are to be generated by different plural kinds of wind instruments (trumpet, trombone and the like) at each pitch may be stored in a memory, and when one of the keys is depressed, those of the musical sounds stored in the memory and corresponding to the depressed key are read out thereby generating the musical sounds. In this case, when one of the keys is depressed, musical sounds with plural timbres are simultaneously generated, which provides a performance that sounds like a performance by a brass band. However, when plural ones of the keys are depressed, musical sounds with plural timbres are generated in response to each of the depressed keys. Therefore, when the number of keys depressed increases, the resultant musical sounds give an impression that the number of performers has increased, which sounds unnatural.
Another known electronic musical instrument performs a method in which, when the number of the keys depressed is fewer, musical sounds with a plurality of timbres are generated in response to each of the keys depressed; and when the number of the keys depressed is greater, musical sounds with a fewer timbres are generated in response to each of the keys depressed.
However, in the electronic musical instruments of related art, timbres that can be assigned according to states of key depression are limited, and the performance sounds unnatural or artificial when the number of keys depressed changes. For example, when one of the keys is depressed, a set of multiple musical sounds is generated; and when another key is depressed in this state, the musical sounds being generated are stopped, and another set of multiple musical sounds is generated in response to the key that is newly key-depressed. Furthermore, when plural ones of the keys are depressed at the same time, timbres to be assigned to the respective keys are determined; but when other keys are newly depressed in this state, the new key depressions may be ignored, which is problematical because such performance sounds unnatural.This application claims priority to Patent Application No. 2003-281029 filed in Japan on 28 Jul. 2003, the content of which is incorporated herein by reference in its entirety.
The present invention pertains to a magnetically coupled device in which insulator layer(s) intervene between mutually magnetically coupled transmitting coil(s) and receiving coil(s), input of signal(s) at transmitting coil(s) causing output at receiving coil(s) of signal(s) produced at least partially by induction due to magnetic coupling therebetween; and to electronic equipment employing same.
As is known, optically coupled devices, employed in a wide variety of electronic equipment, are provided with light-emitting element(s) at input side(s) thereof and light-receiving element(s) at output side(s) thereof, signal transmission taking place with input side(s) being electrically isolated from output side(s).
It so happens that in recent years magnetically coupled devices, with their faster communication rates, have drawn more attention than optically coupled devices due to increases in transmission speed (on the order of between 50 Mb/s and 100 Mb/s), representative of which is the situation existing with respect to fieldbus networks for factory automation equipment and the like.
Among such magnetically coupled devices is, for example, that disclosed at U.S. Pat. No. 6,376,933. In this magnetically coupled device, which comprises bridge circuitry including magnetoresistive sensor(s) for which resistance varies in correspondence to magnetic field strength, magnetoresistive sensor(s) is/are used to detect input magnetic field(s), output signal(s) from magnetoresistive sensor(s) is/are extracted from bridge circuitry, such output signal(s) is/are fed back thereinto, output magnetic field(s) is/are produced, and output signal(s) from magnetoresistive sensor(s) is/are extracted to the exterior while control is carried out so as to cause input magnetic field(s) and output magnetic field(s) to cancel out one another. Here, because output signal(s) is/are fed back thereinto, input magnetic field(s) and output magnetic field(s) being made to cancel out one another, internal noise generated at output-signal-side circuitry is canceled out.
However, the foregoing conventional magnetoresistive devices have had the problem that, even where it may have been possible to reduce internal noise, as no consideration had been made for reduction of geomagnetism and other such external noise, there has been occurrence of distortion of output signal waveform(s) and/or phenomena such as dropped bits during communication of output signal(s), preventing normal communication.
The present invention was therefore conceived in light of the foregoing conventional issues, it being an object thereof to provide a magnetically coupled device capable of reducing effects of external noise and of stably carrying out high-speed communication.A wide variety of consumables (e.g., foods, beverage, cosmetics, etc.) contain contaminants, toxins, allergens, and/or other substances that are of interest to all or specific types of consumers. In particular, in recent years, an increase in the number of consumers with an identified allergy (e.g., gluten allergy, dairy allergy, fish allergy, nut allergy, soy allergy, cosmetic allergy, etc.) has contributed to a number of products that omit ingredients having an associated allergen; however, such consumers are still at risk for consuming items with a harmful substance when the items do not have adequate labeling or documentation. Various systems and methods exist for detection of toxins and harmful substances present in a sample; however, current systems and methods are deficient due to one or more of: a time-intensive manner of receiving test results, a labor-intensive manner of receiving test results, a non-automated manner of processing samples, system bulk, system non-portability, and other factors that contribute to inconveniencing a consumer using such systems.
Due to these and other defects of current systems and methods for detecting harmful substances in consumables, there is thus a need for an improved system and method for detecting target substances. This invention provides such a system and method.In copending application Ser. No. 912,268, filed June 5, 1978 by Daniel M. Cap and William H. Lake, titled High Pressure Metal Vapor Discharge Lamps of Improved Efficacy, which is a continuation-in-part of an earlier application Ser. No. 812,479, filed July 5, 1977 similarly assigned, useful and efficient high pressure discharge lamps are disclosed having much smaller sizes than have been considered practical heretofore, namely discharge volumes of one cubic centimeter or less. In preferred form achieving maximum efficacy, these high intensity lamps utilize generally spheroidal thin-walled arc chambers which may vary in shape from slightly oblate to substantially prolate. Remarkably high efficacies are obtained by raising the metal vapor pressure above 5 atmospheres and to progressively higher pressures as the size is reduced. In such miniature lamps, the convective arc instability usually associated with the high pressures utilized is avoided, and there is no appreciable hazard from possibility of explosion. Practical designs provide wattage ratings or lamp sizes starting at about 100 watts and going down to less than 10 watts, the lamps having characteristics including color rendition, efficacy, maintenance and life duration making them suitable for general lighting purposes.
A less desirable characteristic of these miniature high pressure metal vapor lamps is the very rapid deionization to which they are subject. In operation on 60 Hz alternating current, deionization is almost complete between half cycles so that a very high restriking voltage is required to be provided by the ballast. Particularly in metal halide lamps, during lamp warm-up within the first few seconds after arc ignition, the reignition voltage reaches extremely high levels. In view of these deionization limitations associated with low frequency operation of miniature metal halide lamps, the use of conventional 60 Hz ballasts has many disadvantages.
The object of the invention is to provide an improved method or operating system for miniature metal halide lamps which overcomes the limitations imposed by rapid deionization at low operating frequencies and which permits the design of compact, practical and efficient high frequency ballasts.The transmembrane protein CD47, also known as integrin-associated protein (IAP), ovarian cancer antigen OA3, Rh-related antigen and MER6, is an immunoglobulin superfamily member involved in multiple cellular processes, including cell migration, adhesion and T cell function. CD47 was originally identified as a tumor antigen on human ovarian cancer and was subsequently shown to be expressed on multiple human tumor types, including both hematologic and solid tumors. The interaction between CD47 and signal regulatory protein alpha (SIRPα), an inhibitory protein expressed on macrophages, prevents phagocytosis of CD47-expressing cells. CD47 is expressed at low levels on virtually all non-malignant cells, and loss of expression or changes in membrane distribution can serve as markers of aged or damaged cells, particularly on red blood cells (RBC).
However, high expression of CD47 on cancer cells blocks phagocytic uptake, subsequent antigen cross-presentation and T cell activation, which collectively contribute to tumor immune evasion. Certain human leukemias upregulate CD47 to evade macrophage killing (U.S. Pat. No. 8,562,997). In many hematologic cancers, high CD47 expression is believed to be associated with poor clinical outcomes, for example, Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma, Acute Lymphocytic Leukemia, etc. (U.S. Pat. No. 9,045,541). Similarly, high CD47 expression has been observed in solid tumors such as small cell lung cancer (see, Weiskopf et al. (2016) J. CLIN. INVESTIGATION 126(7): 2610-2620). Agents that block the CD47-SIRPα interaction can restore phagocytic uptake of CD47+ target cells and lower the threshold for macrophage activation, which can enhance the efficacy of therapeutic antibodies with ADCC-enabling activity.
Despite the advances made to date, there is still ongoing need for additional agents that block the CD47-SIRPα interaction for use in the treatment of various diseases, including cancers, that are associated with elevated levels of CD47 expression.Nowadays, as processes for producing fat powder, in general, two processes are known, that is, a process for producing fat powder comprising spray-drying a fat or oil which has been emulsified into an oil-in-water type emulsion with water, an emulsifying agent and a hydrophilic base (spray-drying method); and a process for producing fat powder comprising atomizing a molten fat or oil in the atmosphere at a temperature which is lower than the melting point of the fat or oil (spray-cooling method). Among them, by the spray-drying method, stable, free-flowing fat powder can be obtained regardless of the melting point or S.F.I. (Solid Fat Index) of the fat or oil used because the surface of the fat or oil is coated with the hydrophilic base. However, there are many problems such as energy cost for evaporating water, deterioration of flavor of the fat at high temperature, and loss of volatile flavor by volatilization. To the contrary, in the spray-cooling method, although such problems as the above energy cost and deterioration of the flavor are not present, there is a marked disadvantage in that it is difficult to powder a fat or oil having a low S.F.I. and, even if it is powdered, the resulting powder has a low fluidity since the fat or oil containing unsaturated fatty acids segregates on the surface of the powder to make it adhesive. Due to this marked difference in fluidity, fat powder obtained by the spray-drying method has been predominantly and widely used in the fields such as various mixes for bread, cakes and cookies, instant milk powder, soup powder, fodder powder and the like.
However, recently the consumers' have demanded products of a higher grade and genuine taste, thus, the excellent flavor peculiar to fat powder obtained by the spray-cooling method has been reevaluated. Nevertheless, the improvement of the fluidity of products obtained by the spray-cooling method is strongly needed.
Heretofore, as a process for improving fluidity of fat powder, 10 to 50% by weight of wheat flour, starch and sugar have been added to the powder. Further, in Japanese Pat. Kokoku No. 50-14650 entitled "Process for Producing Fat Powder", there is disclosed a process of melting a starting fat or oil material at a temperature of at highest 15.degree. C. higher than the melting point thereof; cooling it to a temperature of the range between the solidifying point and the melting point of the fat or oil and lower than one third from the bottom of the range; forming a stable b-type crystal nucleus completely by maintaining it at this temperature for 2 to 30 minutes; and then heating to a temperature of at highest 10% higher than the melting point (1st crystalization step); and followed by spraying it into a crystalization chamber maintained at -15.degree. C. to -30.degree. C.; aging the powder obtained at 0.degree. C. to 10.degree. C. for 0.5 to 10 minutes successively in an aging chamber (2nd crystalization step); and mixing the powder with powder of non-oil soluble natural solid material. However, in order to practice this process, an extremely complicated adjustment of the starting liquid material and strict control of the temperature are required and, therefore, many difficulties in operation must be overcome, if it is to be produced on an industrial basis.This invention relates to a sensor, particularly to an accelerometer, its fabrication method and acceleration sensors which includes such accelerometer.
Nowadays, accelerometers have been used in various applications, such as, measuring the magnitude of earthquake and gathering seismic data, detecting the magnitude of collision during a car collision, and detecting the tilting direction and angle of a mobile phone or a game console. As the micro-electro-mechanical systems (MEMS) technology continues to progress, many nano-scale accelerometers have been widely commercially used.
In general, the accelerometers can be categorized into two kinds, one is parallel plate accelerometer, such as Chinese invention patent with publication No. CN102768290A. The parallel plate accelerometer measures the acceleration through the parallel plate capacitor formed between the top cap, the mass, and the bottom cap. When there is an acceleration, the frame displaces towards the direction of acceleration, but due to inertia, the displacement of the mass is relatively small causing the distance or the area of projection between the top cap, the mass, and the bottom cap to change. The capacitance between the top cap, the mass, and the bottom cap also changes. Integrated circuits calculates the direction and magnitude of the acceleration based on the change of capacitance.
Another type of accelerometer is comb structure accelerometer, such as Chinese invention patent with publication No. CN1605871. Comb structure accelerometer detects acceleration by measuring the change in capacitance of two spaced apart comb structures. The comb structure comprise movable teeth provided on the mass, and fixed teeth adjacent to the movable teeth. As the mass displaces due to acceleration, the movable teeth also displaces; thus the distance or the area of projection between the movable teeth and the fixed teeth changes, leading to a change in capacitance. Integrated circuits calculates the direction and magnitude of the acceleration based on the change of capacitance.
In a parallel plate accelerometer, the mass is relatively large, and the relation between the measurement accuracy and the mass is shown in:
      Acceleration    ⁢                  ⁢    due    ⁢                  ⁢    to    ⁢                  ⁢    noise    ⁢          :        ⁢                  ⁢                  a        ¨            _        =                              F          n                _                    A        1              =                                        F            n                    _                m            =                                    4            ⁢                                                  ⁢                          k              B                        ⁢            T            ⁢                                                  ⁢                          ω              0                                mQ                    
where kB represents Boltzmann constant, T represents temperature, ω0 represents resonance frequency, Q represents quality factor, m represents mass. Therefore, when the resonance frequency and the quality factor are fixed, increasing the mass reduces the effect by noise. The capacitance formed between the mass and the cap is also relatively large, which means the sensitivity is high. However, during fabrication, parallel plate accelerometer has a high squeeze-film damping force; thus it requires vacuum environment for packaging, which dramatically increases the packaging and fabrication cost. In comparison, the comb structure accelerometer has a low squeeze-film damping force. Based on the book “Analysis and Design Principles of MEMS Devices” the coefficient of damping force in MEMS chip can be calculated by:
            c      rec        =                            μ          ⁢                                          ⁢                      LB            3                                    h          3                    ⁢              β        ⁡                  (                      B            L                    )                      ,            where      ⁢                          ⁢      L        ⪢    B    ,      β    =    1    ,            β      =      0.42        ;  
For example, the coefficient of damping force of 1000 um×1000 um accelerometer with 100 pairs of 500 um×20 um comb teeth is 1.5% of the coefficient of damping force of 1000 um×1000 um accelerometer without comb teeth. Therefore, comb structure accelerometers can be packaged under non-vacuum environment, which means the packaging cost is low. However, due to the characteristics of comb structure, the mass is relatively small, and the capacitance in a comb structure accelerometer is smaller than parallel plate accelerometer. Thus, the sensitivity of comb structure accelerometer is lower compared with parallel plate accelerometer. Furthermore, comb structures are fabricated by using photolithography and etching. The spacing between the movable teeth and the fixed teeth is limited by the etching process to 2 um. On the other hand, parallel plate accelerometers are fabricated by bonding, the spacing between the mass and the caps can be controlled in 1 um. However, the accuracy of bonding technique is lower than photolithography and etching. In conclusion, both parallel plate accelerometers and comb structure accelerometers have their own advantages and disadvantages.Many people have a flag bracket attached to the eaves of their home in order to fly a national flag on appropriate holidays, to fly a flag commemorating various holidays, to fly a state flag, or simply to fly a decorative flag.
The present invention relates to providing a system for improved installation of a flag into a bracket and raising it to the desired height and angle of flying from ground level without the need for a ladder. More particularly this invention relates to providing a system for placing a flag into a bracket, securing the flagpole in the bracket, and raising the flag to the desired height and angle of flying from ground level without the need to climb a ladder. Moreover, the present invention provides a feature which will prevent the flag from wrapping around the pole on a windy day, allowing the flag to always be visible while flying. Additionally, the present invention provides a system for doing all of the above with a bracket that is hidden on the underside of the eaves of the roof so that the bracket, when not in use, cannot be easily seen.The present invention relates to storage tanks and, in particular, to a hatch cover system for bulk carriers.
Dry bulk carriers are typically used to transport dry particulates, such as dry granular bulk cement, and will be described with reference to mobile units commonly known as dry bulk transports. Therein, a mobile storage unit transported by a tractor includes a main pressure reservoir for loading, holding, and unloading material. The material is loaded through a hatch on the top of the reservoir. After loading, the hatch is mechanically closed and sealed. For unloading, a pneumatic system is used to pressurize the reservoir and discharge the material through discharge openings in the bottom of the reservoir. According, the hatch system for such units must provide a plurality of distinct functions. First the hatch must open for the delivery of contents. Second, the hatch must close securely for transport. Third, the hatch must be securely sealed for operation of the pneumatic discharge system.
Conventional hatches for such storage reservoirs typically provide a cylindrical sleeve defining a cylindrical port at the top of the unit. A hatch cover is pivotally connected to the sleeve for movement between an open position for loading and a closed position for latching, sealing and delivery. The hatch cover generally carries an annular seal that establishes an interface between the sleeve and the hatch cover. A plurality of over-center levers are circumferentially disposed about the sleeve and pivotally connected thereto. The levers include an offset cam surface that engages the top of the cover and upon inward rotation engages the periphery of the cover and downwardly biases the cover to compress the sealing interface. At the delivery site, the above procedure is reversed, the levers being disengaged and the hatch cover pivoted to the open position.
With such hatch cover system, the loader, typically the vehicle driver, must vertically climb a ladder on the reservoir leading to the cover. Oftentimes, such covers are located a substantial distance above ground. Such reservoirs also typically have a curved upper surface adjacent the hatch. Accordingly, the loader must assume a position thereat and exert substantial force to unlock the levers and pivot the cover, which can weigh between 20 to 40 pounds. In addition to the substantial time to accomplish the above activities, the same must be done in precarious positions during various types of inclement weather, excessive heat and cold, rain, snow, sleet and wind.
As should be apparent, conventional hatch cover system require inordinate loading and unloading time and effort and pose substantial risks to the workers under operating conditions. One approach for providing a lower level operator platform for accessing the hatch is disclosed in U.S. Pat. No. 5,538,286 to Hoff wherein a platform is positioned intermediate a pair of pressure vessels and requires that the hatches be offset from the top of the vessels. Such platforms and offset are not usable in conventional bulk transports wherein a single elongated tank is employed and optimum storage capacity obtained with the hatch located at the top of the transport. Accordingly, a need exists for a hatch cover system that decreases the time required for loading the transport units, simplifies the latching procedure and reduces the safety risks to the operator.
The present invention provides a ground level operated load and latch system for mobile and stationary pneumatic storage reservoirs that reduces associated operator filling time and enables the filling of the reservoir under all conditions without the operator risks set forth above.
The present hatch cover system is specifically desireable for dry bulk transports of the type having a upwardly opening hatch communicating with a storage vessel through which the cargo material is loaded. A hatch cover has an upper annular sealing surface for engaging the hatch. The cover is raised and lowered by a lifting pneumatic actuator carried on a support frame that pivots about a vertical axis. A lock bar is shifted by a pneumatic locking actuator between a locked position interposed between the support frame and the cover to maintain a compressive sealing interface for transportation and pressurization of the reservoir. The lock bar is shifted by the locking actuator to an unlocked position to permit raising and lowering of the cover. A pivoting actuator moves the support frame and the cover between the raised position overlying the hatch and an open position remote from the hatch for loading and maintenance. The control system for the actuators is conveniently located at ground level enabling the operator to view easily the operation of the hatch closure system.
Accordingly, it is an object of the present invention to provide an automatic closure system for the hatch of a bulk carrier that can be operated at ground level without requiring the operator to climb atop the carrier body.
Another object of the invention is to provide a hatch closure system for the hatch of a dry bulk transport that can be selectively remotely actuated to provide pressure sealing of the hatch and a fully open position for loading and maintenance.
A further object of the invention is to provide an automatic hatch closure system for a mobile pneumatic bulk carrier wherein the hatch cover may be remotely controlled to provide unobstructed loading of the carrier reservoir and shifted to a securely closed and locked condition for transportation, delivery and maintenance.Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to an apparatus for biochemical reactions, and more particularly to an apparatus which permits adequate agitation of solutions that undergo biochemical reactions.
Following description is made with reference to an apparatus for immunological reactions by which the present invention can be most appropriately practised. In the immunological reactions, either the antigen or the antibody is marked with a convenient label (for example, a fluorescent or radioactive material or an enzyme) and the immunological reaction is utilized to form a complex body of the antigen and the antibody. The antibody having the label in it gives a measure to estimate the amount of the object antigen or antibody.
For the reaction to proceed adequately, to increase the accuracy and precision of estimation, to carry out the process more rapidly, and to enhance the efficiency of operations, the procedure of stirring is preferable as it is in most chemical reactions.
However, in biochemical reactions such as immunological reaction where a small volume of sample, say from several hundreds microliters to several tens milliliters, is commonly employed, difficulties are often met in agitating the solution. A stirrer with blades cannot be used practically and, if the stirring means is brought into contact with the solution, the the estimation may bring about loss in accuracy probably due to "carry over". Stirring by oscillating the vessel itself cannot be expected to be effective and loss of the solution by spattering is feared. Stirring by ultrasonic waves as non-contact stirring may cause the reacting substances to be destroyed and therefore is not universally applicable.Ultrasonic scanners for detecting blood flow based on the Doppler effect are well known. Such systems operate by actuating an ultrasonic transducer array to transmit ultrasonic waves into a body and receiving ultrasonic echoes backscattered from the body. In the measurement of blood flow characteristics, returning ultrasonic waves are compared to a frequency reference to determine the frequency shift imparted to the returning waves by flowing scatterers such as blood cells. This frequency shift, i.e., phase shift, translates into the velocity of the blood flow. The blood velocity is calculated by measuring the phase shift from firing to firing at a specific range gate.
The change or shift in backscattered frequency increases when blood flows toward the transducer and decreases when blood flows away from the transducer. Color flow images are produced by superimposing a color image of the velocity of moving material, such as blood, over a black and white anatomical B-mode image. Typically, color flow mode displays hundreds of adjacent sample volumes simultaneously, all laid over a B-mode image and color-coded to represent each sample volume's velocity.
In standard color flow processing, a high pass filter, known as a wall filter, is applied to the data before a color flow estimate is made. The purpose of this filter is to remove signal components produced by tissue surrounding the blood flow of interest. If these signal components are not removed, the resulting velocity estimate will be a combination of the velocities from the blood flow and the surrounding, non-flowing tissue. The backscatter component from non-flowing tissue is many times larger than that from blood, so the velocity estimate will most likely be more representative of the non-flowing tissue, rather than the blood flow. In order to obtain the flow velocity, the non-flowing tissue signal must be filtered out.
In a conventional ultrasound imaging system operating in the color flow mode, an ultrasound transducer array is activated to transmit a series of multi-cycle (typically 4-8 cycles) tone bursts which are focused at a common transmit focal position with common transmit characteristics. These tone bursts are fired at a pulse repetition frequency (PRF) that is typically in the kilohertz range. A series of transmit firings focused at a common transmit focal position with common transmit characteristics is referred to as a "packet". Each transmit beam propagates through the object being scanned and is reflected by ultrasound scatterers such as blood cells. The return signals are detected by the elements of the transducer array and formed into a receive beam by a beamformer.
For example, the traditional color firing sequence is a series of firings (e.g., tone bursts) along a common position, producing the respective receive signals: EQU F.sub.1 F.sub.2 F.sub.3 F.sub.4 . . . F.sub.N
where F.sub.i is the receive signal for the i-th firing and N is the number of firings in a packet. These receive signals are loaded into a corner turner memory, and a high pass filter (wall filter) is applied to each downrange position across firings, i.e., in "slow time". In the simplest case of a (1, -1) wall filter, each range point is filtered to produce the respective difference signals: EQU (F.sub.1 -F.sub.2) (F.sub.2 -F.sub.3) (F.sub.3 -F.sub.4) . . . (FN.sub.N-1 -F.sub.N)
and these differences are supplied to a color flow velocity estimator.
One of the advantages of Doppler ultrasound is that it can provide noninvasive and quantitative measurements of blood flow in vessels. Given the angle .theta. between the insonifying beam and the flow axis, the magnitude of the velocity vector can be determined by the standard Doppler equation: EQU .nu.=c.function..sub.d /(2.function..sub.0 cos .theta.) (1)
where c is the speed of sound in blood, .function..sub.0 is the transmit frequency and .function..sub.d is the motion-induced Doppler frequency shift in the backscattered ultrasound.
A conventional ultrasound imaging system collects B-mode or color flow mode images in a cine memory on a continuous basis. The cine memory provides resident digital image storage for single image review and multiple image loop review, and various control functions. The region of interest displayed during single-image cine replay is that used during the image acquisition.
If an ultrasound probe is swept over an area of interest, two-dimensional images may be accumulated to form a three-dimensional data volume. The data in this volume may be manipulated in a number of ways, including volume rendering and surface projections. In particular, three-dimensional images of power and velocity data have been formed by projecting the maximum pixel values onto an imaging plane. In this process, noise is introduced due to inherent error in estimating the velocity of power level because of a multiplicity of small scatterers present in most body fluids (e.g., red cells in blood). Noise present in the velocity and power signals causes errors in selection of the maximum value and affects uniformity within the projected image and sharpness of edges. Thus, there is need for a method for improving the uniformity and edge sharpness of three-dimensional images of velocity and power data.1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to a vacuum pump with a dust collecting function for use when a vessel for a process, in which various processes of productions by reaction or melting and crystallization processes are carried out under a reduced pressure atmosphere evacuated by a vacuum pump, is used. The process may be a process of epitaxial growth for producing monocrystalline film of silicon, in which an amount of dust is produced when the reaction process or a melting and crystallization process take place and the produced dust flows into the vacuum pump together with the existing gas.
2. Description of the Related Arts In general, the process of productions by reaction and the melting and crystallization processes in a vessel for processing under a reduced pressure are carried out in vacuum. Therefore, the specific gravity of the gas which flows into a vacuum pump is very small. When the gas, together with the dust, flows into the vacuum pump, the gas flows appropriately but has less ability to convey the dust, and therefore a greater portion of the dust is accumulated in the vacuum pump. In prior arts, the increased amount of the accumulated dust prevents the satisfactory running of the vacuum pump to cause difficulty in continuing the running of the vacuum pump so that frequent operations to remove the dust in the vacuum pump are needed.
Also, there is a problem that, if the sizes of grains of the dust which flows together with the gas into the vacuum pump are large, the internal structures of the vacuum pump, such as rotors, collect the grains of the dust to which can lead to a failure or a stoppage of the vacuum pump.
To prevent dust from flowing into the vacuum pump attempts have been made to separate the dust by providing filters or the like between the vacuum pump and the dust producing device. There is a problem, however, in that the dust causes blocking of the through-paths in the filter which are then greatly reduced. The effective evacuation performance of the vacuum pump for the process of production by reaction and the melting and crystallization in the vessel for processing prevent the reaction process and the melting and crystallization in the vessel for processing from continuing.
It is possible to provide a dust separator for separating dust utilizing the flow of gas, such as a cyclone type separator, between the vacuum pump and the vessel for processing. However, in this case, to reduce the loss of the pressure by the cyclone type separator, if the cross-sectional area of the gas flow in the separator is increased, no sufficient gas flow velocity is obtained so that the satisfactory separation of the dust cannot be realized in the cyclone type separator. Since the process is carried out under high degree of vacuum in the vessel for processing, the amount of the flow of the gas entering into the vessel, coming out from the vessel and being sent to the vacuum pump is relatively small. Therefore, the ability of the vacuum pump to transfer the dust to discharge the dust is low, and accordingly the dust tends to be accumulated in the vacuum pump to lead to a stoppage of the vacuum pump.
Since the dust is discharged together with the gas from the vacuum pump, a large amount of dust flows into the exhaust gas processing system. Therefore, there is a problem that the exhaust gas processing system is quickly contaminated and this prevents the functioning of the system.1. Field of the Invention
This invention relates to continuous thickeners, clarifiers and similar gravititational settling devices for separating feed slurries or pulps into clarified liquid and sludge and is particularly concerned with a method and device for controlling the operation or design of such settling devices.
2. Description of the Prior Art
Continuous thickeners, clarifiers and similar gravitational settling devices are widely used in the chemical and metallurgical industries for the removal of liquids from slurries, metallurgical pulps, sewage and other liquid-solid suspensions. Such devices generally include a circular tank having a cylindrical center feedwell which extends downwardly into the vessel and is open at the bottom. The incoming slurry or pulp passes through a feed pipe or launder into the upper part of this central feedwell and is introduced into the surrounding liquid through the bottom of the feedwell in a manner designed to create a minimum of turbulence. This makes it possible to contain the bulk of the solids near the center of the unit. On leaving the feedwell, the liquid entering with the pulp or slurry tends to move outwardly in a radial direction and flow upwardly toward a peripheral overflow launder. The solids suspended in the slurry or pulp settle downwardly through the slow-moving liquid and accumulate on the bottom of the unit. These solids are compacted as they accumulate and are slowly moved toward a bottom sludge discharge opening by means of slowly rotating rakes suspended a short distance above the bottom. The rakes aid in compacting the sludge and reduce its liquid content.
During the normal operation of a thickener, decanter, clarifier or similar continuous gravity settling device of the type referred to above, a series of relatively well-defined, vertically-spaced zones exist within the settler. The uppermost of these zones comprises a layer of clear liquid from which most of the solids have settled out. Below this is an intermediate layer containing suspended solid particles which is generally referred to as the settling zone. The interface between the clear solution and the settling zone may be referred to as the upper boundary or slime level. At the bottom of the unit is a layer of settled sludge. Such a system is a dynamic one characterized by the movement of liquid and solid particles between the above zones. The levels of the three zones may vary considerably, depending upon the feed stream, operating conditions and other variables. To achieve maximum capacity with such a settling unit, it has generally been thought that the upper boundary should be maintained as close to the top of the unit as possible and that only a relatively thin layer of clarified solution be maintained above the floc layer.
It is conventional to add flocculants or coagulants to thickeners, decanters, clarifiers and similar settling devices to increase their capacity. These materials cause the suspended particles in the slurry or pulp to flocculate or agglomerate and thus settle more rapidly. The amount of flocculant or the like which is required at any particular moment depends in part upon the slurry or pulp feed rate, the solids content of the feed, the solids size range and distribution, the densities of the solid particles, and the temperature and other operating conditions. Under constant conditions, the amount of flocculant needed to achieve maximum capacity in a particular gravity settling unit is generally determined by trial and error. However, in actual practice the conditions may change due to variations in the amount and compositions of the solid suspended in the feed stream and other variables over which the operator of the unit may have relatively little or no control. Adjustments of the amount of flocculant added to the system is therefore necessary to compensate for the variations and maintain the desired capacity and degree of separation while at the same time keeping operating costs within acceptable bounds by eliminating overflocculation, and its related problems in downstream operations such as in the final polishing filtration.
It has been common practice to use the upper boundary of the settling zone within a settler as a measure of the settler's performance and to monitor this level as a means for determining the need for changes in the flocculant rate. In general, the higher the upper boundary, the more flocculant that is needed. This location of the upper boundary has generally been done manually by means of measuring sticks lowered into the vessel near the outer edge of the unit. Vacuum tubes, depth samplers, ultrasonic probes may also be used. The upper boundary is, however, not a direct measure of the settling characteristics of solids in the pulp or slurry and instead is the result of the combination of variables, including flocculant type and flow rate, solids feed rate, solids and liquid characteristics, mixing etc. There is normally a long time lag between the changes in the rate of addition of flocculant and corresponding changes in the upper boundary and hence the operator must estimate the amount of change in the rate of addition of flocculant which will be needed to produce a desired change in upper boundary. If he overestimates or underestimates the change in rate required, the unit may become unstable and eventually have to be shut down to avoid overloading or the carryover of solids. The upper boundary therefore provides at best a visible means for assessing the state of the thickener or clarifier operation and, if it increases progressively, it may serve as an delayed warning that the capacity of the settler has been exceeded.
Attempts have also been made to control the operation of a settler by sampling the incoming feed slurry to the feedwell at regular intervals downstream of the point at which flocculant is added to the feed slurry. The samples thus collected are passed to a laboratory sized gravity separation vessel where representative settling can take place. By sensing the interface level between the liquid and solid phases in the separation vessel and adjusting the rate of flocculant addition to the feed stream in accordance with variations in the level of the interface during operation of the system, it was hoped that the rate of addition of flocculant could be controlled automatically and that the flocculant consumption could be thereby substantially reduced. However, attempts to develop such a system in the past were abandoned because none was capable of providing reliable data necessary for the control and operation of a full size commercial settler.
One example of sampling equipment for measuring sedimentation rate is that described in Parker et al U.S. Pat. No. 4,318,296, issued Mar. 9, 1982. This system includes a sampling chamber for a sample to be tested, Elmer means for controlling a control means to stop the feed of suspension to the sampling chamber and means for retaining the height of the sample at a preselected level in the sampling chamber during a settling period. It also includes detector means for detecting when a boundary level defined by the settling solids in the sample in the sampling chamber reaches a further preselected level. The timer means determines the period of time elapsing between the stare of the settling period when the height of the sample is at the preselected level and the time when the detector means detects that the boundary level has reached the further preselected level.
Another control system is described in Valheim, "Flocculant Optimization Cuts Chemical Costs and Boosts Performance"; Process Control in Engineering; August 1990, pp. 34-35. That system measures continuously the concentration of suspended solids in the total flow of incoming slurry, the flow raze of the slurry and the turbidity of the material leaving the full size industrial settling unit. The turbidity is the control parameter for the flocculant dosage system.
In Eisenlauer et al "Z. Wasser Abwasser Forsch." 16, (1983) pp. 9-15 there is described a process for the control of flocculant to a settler which involves adding a varying amount of flocculant to a side stream of the suspension to be treated, and passing this mixture through a flow-through cell where the particle size distribution of the flocs is measured by a laser light scattering. This information determines the concentration at which flocculation begins, and the size and strength of the flocs.
Other control attempts have been made directly to full size settling devices such as that described in Chandler, U.S. Pat. No. 4,040,954, issued Aug. 9, 1977. This describes a process for controlling the settling rate by measuring continuously the turbidity of the suspension at a selected height in the full size settling vessel. The position corresponds to the upper limit of cloudy liquor or floc layer above the bottom layer of mud in a state of hindered settlement. This is done by measuring the light transmittance through a continuous sample withdrawn from the settling vessel, using a light beam from a light source directed through a curtain of liquor. When the turbidity is higher than the desired set point, indicating that the interface is going higher, the amount of flocculant is increased.
It is the object of the present invention to provide an improved testing system for measuring the settling characteristics of slurries and flocculant samples and using the results to either control a full size continuous industrial gravity settler or to construct such a full size settler.Conventionally, in the field of handicraft such as patchworking, various tools for facilitating the making of handicraft have been proposed. For instance, Patent Document 1 given below discloses a pattern set for facilitating the work of cutting cloth in making a patchwork.
Patent Document 1: JP-A-2004-169238
A yo-yo quilt is known as one of patchwork quilts which has excellent decoration effect. A yo-yo quilt is made using e.g. a plurality of circular quilt parts (yo-yos). To make a yo-yo quilt, a plurality of yo-yos are first formed. A yo-yo is formed by folding back the edge of circular cloth, sewing the cloth along folded edge and then pulling and knotting the thread tightly. As shown in FIG. 19 of the present application, the yo-yo made in this way has a circular shape formed with gathers on the front side. By connecting a plurality of such yo-yos by sewing the respective edges together or sewing the connected yo-yos onto cloth as the base, a yo-yo quilt is completed.
Yo-yo quilts require a large number of yo-yos depending on the design, and to make a large number of yo-yos may be a burden. Further, to make a large number of yo-yos of uniform size and gathers requires experiences and skills.Wireless communication networks are widely deployed to provide various communication services such as, for example, voice, video, packet data, messaging, or broadcast. These wireless networks may be multiple-access networks capable of supporting multiple users by sharing the available network resources. Examples of such multiple-access networks include Code Division Multiple Access (CDMA) networks, Time Division Multiple Access (TDMA) networks, Frequency Division Multiple Access (FDMA) networks, Orthogonal FDMA (OFDMA) networks, and Single-Carrier FDMA (SC-FDMA) networks.
A wireless communication network may include a number of base stations that can support communication for a number of user equipments (UEs), also referred to as mobile devices or mobile entities. A UE may communicate with a base station via a downlink and an uplink. The downlink (or forward link) refers to the communication link from the base station to the UE, and the uplink (or reverse link) refers to the communication link from the UE to the base station. As used herein, a “base station” means an eNode B (eNB), a Node B, a Home Node B, or similar network component of a wireless communications system.
The 3rd Generation Partnership Project (3GPP) Long Term Evolution (LTE) represents a major advance in cellular technology as an evolution of Global System for Mobile communications (GSM) and Universal Mobile Telecommunications System (UMTS). The LTE physical layer (PHY) provides a highly efficient way to convey both data and control information between base stations, such as an evolved Node Bs (eNBs), and mobile devices, such as UEs. In prior applications, a method for facilitating high bandwidth communication for multimedia has been single frequency network (SFN) operation. SFNs utilize radio transmitters, such as, for example, eNBs, to communicate with subscriber UEs. In unicast operation, each eNB is controlled so as to transmit signals carrying information directed to one or more particular subscriber UEs. The specificity of unicast signaling enables person-to-person services such as, for example, voice calling, text messaging, or video calling.
In multicast broadcast operation, several eNBs in an area broadcast signals in a synchronized fashion, carrying information that can be received and accessed by any subscriber UE in the broadcast area. The generality of multicast broadcast operation enables greater efficiency in transmitting information of general public interest, for example, event-related multimedia broadcasts. As the demand and system capability for event-related multimedia and other multicast broadcast services has increased, system operators have shown increasing interest in making use of multicast broadcast operation in 3GPP and 3GPP2 networks. In the past, 3GPP LTE technology has been primarily used for unicast service, leaving opportunities for improvements and enhancements related to multicast broadcast signaling. Analogous multicast operations may also be implemented in wireless communications outside of the 3GPP or 3GPP2 context.Often touted as the holy-grail of gaming, three dimensional (3D) gaming has not yet reached the commercial success desired by many game developers and suppliers. There are several problems associated with 3D gaming. 3D displays for the home market are not readily available. Typical displays are single-purpose, in that a display is configured either for two-dimensional (2D) rendering or 3D rendering, but not both. Displays configured to render in both 2D and 3D are typically prohibitively expensive. Further, very little 3D game content exists. Content producers typically do not want to invest in a new technology until the technology is proven and consumers typically do not want to invest in the technology if there is limited content available. Additionally, true 3D content requires multiple cameras to film objects from different viewpoints.In such a digitizing device, as has become known from, e.g., West German Patent No. DE-PS 19,43,217, the scanning element is moved manually in two mutually perpendicular coordinate directions over a defined curve path. At predetermined points on this curve path, coordinate signals, which correspond to the actual position of the scanning element, are generated automatically or manually via a release element. These signals are sent to a memory.
The prior-art digitizing devices have a highly sophisticated design and are therefore expensive.E-selectin, which has also been called ELAM-1 for endothelial leukocyte adhesion molecule-1 and LECAM-2 for lectin cell adhesion molecule, is a glycoprotein that is found on the surface of endothelial cells, the cells that line the interior wall of capillaries. E-selectin recognizes and binds to the carbohydrate sialyl-Lewis.sup.x (sLe.sup.x), which is present on the surface of certain white blood cells. E-selectin helps white blood cells recognize and adhere to the capillary wall in areas where the tissue surrounding the capillary has been infected or damaged. E-selectin is actually one of three selectins now known. The other two are L-selectin and P-selectin. P-selectin is expressed on inflamed endothelium and platelets, and has much structural similarity to E-selectin and can also recognize sialyl-Lewis.sup.x. The structure of sialyl-Lewis.sup.x and sialyl-Lewis.sup.a (sLe.sup.a) are shown in formulas I.sub.a and I.sub.b below: ##STR2##
When a tissue has been invaded by a microorganism or has been damaged, white blood cells, also called leukocytes, play a major role in the inflammatory response. One of the most important aspects of the inflammatory response involves the cell adhesion event. Generally, white blood cells are found circulating through the bloodstream. However, when a tissue is infected or becomes damaged, the white blood cells must be able to recognize the invaded or damaged tissue and be able to bind to the wall of the capillary near the affected tissue and diffuse through the capillary into the affected tissue. E-selectin helps two particular types of white blood cells recognize the affected sites and bind to the capillary wall so that these white blood cells may diffuse into the affected tissue.
There are three main types of white blood cells: granulocytes, monocytes and lymphocytes. Of these categories, E-selectin recognizes sLe.sup.x presented as a glycoprotein or glycolipid on the surface of monocytes and neutrophils. Neutrophils are a subclass of granulocytes that phagocytose and destroy small organisms, especially bacteria. Monocytes, after leaving the bloodstream through the wall of a capillary, mature into macrophages that phagocytose and digest invading microorganisms, foreign bodies and senescent cells.
Monocytes and neutrophils are able to recognize the site where tissue has been damaged by binding to E-selectin, which is produced on the surface of the endothelial cells lining capillaries when the tissue surrounding a capillary has been infected or damaged. Typically, the production of E- and P-selectins are increased when the tissue adjacent a capillary is affected. P-selectin is present constitutively in storage granules from which it can be rapidly mobilized to the cell surface after the endothelium has been activated. In contrast, E-selectin requires de novo RNA and protein synthesis, and peak expression does not occur until about 4-6 hours after activation, and declines to basal levels after about 24-48 hours. White blood cells recognize affected areas because sLe.sup.x moieties present on the surface of the white blood cells bind to E- and P-selectin. This binding slows the flow of white blood cells through the bloodstream, since it mediates the rolling of leukocytes along the activated endothelium prior to integrin mediated attachment and migration, and helps to localize white blood cells in areas of injury or infection.
While white blood cell migration to the site of injury helps fight infection and destroy foreign material, in many instances this migration can get out of control, with white blood cells flooding to the scene, causing widespread tissue damage. Compounds capable of blocking this process, therefore, may be beneficial as therapeutic agents. Thus, it would be useful to develop inhibitors that would prevent the binding of white blood cells to E- or P-selectin. For example, some of the diseases that might be treated by the inhibition of selectin binding to sLe.sup.x include, but are not limited to, ARDS, Crohn's disease, septic shock, traumatic shock, multi-organ failure, autoimmune diseases, asthma, inflammatory bowel disease, psoriasis, rheumatoid arthritis and reperfusion injury that occurs following heart attacks, strokes and organ transplants. In addition to being found on some white blood cells, sLe.sup.a, a closely related regiochemical isomer of sLe.sup.x, is found on various cancer cells, including lung and colon cancer cells. It has been suggested that cell adhesion involving sLe.sup.a may be involved in the metastasis of certain cancers and that inhibitors of sLe.sup.a binding may be useful in the treatment of some forms of cancer.The invention relates to a top for a convertible vehicle, comprising a rigid, moveable roof part with an outer surface and an inner surface, a linkage, it being possible for the linkage to be moved in relation to the roof part during an opening movement of the convertible top, and a cover which is designed as a flexible, sheet-like element.
A basic problem with the construction of such modern tops for convertible is vehicles, which usually comprise a plurality of roof parts designed as rigid shell parts, is that the linkage parts which pivot the roof parts are moved relative to the roof parts during an opening movement of the convertible top, with the result that it is not possible to provide a continuous inside roof lining to cover over the linkage parts in the closed state of the convertible top. It is therefore generally the case that the linkage parts, which in the closed state of the convertible top are usually arranged parallel, and along the border beneath the solid shell parts, in link channels, remain visible to the passengers in the vehicle. Already known solutions for covering the linkage parts by means of brush strips or rigid flaps are either inadequate from an aesthetic point of view or complex and costly to produce.
German Patent Document DE 40 31 270 C1 describes means for attaching an inside roof lining of a convertible top with a linkage and a flexible outer covering, pulling means which are guided on moveable linkage parts being used to tension the inside roof lining during a closing movement of the convertible top and, conversely, to release the same at the beginning of an opening movement of the convertible top. Such an arrangement does not provide any solution for the problems which arise specifically in the case of hard-shell tops, and are brought about by linkage parts pivoting to a large extent relative to the hard roof-shell parts.Automotive vehicles are typically equipped with various user actuatable switches, such as switches for operating devices including powered windows, headlights, windshield wipers, moonroofs or sunroofs, interior lighting, radio and infotainment devices, and various other devices. Generally, these types of switches need to be actuated by a user in order to activate or deactivate a device or perform some type of control function. Proximity switches, such as capacitive switches, employ one or more proximity sensors to generate a sense activation field and sense changes to the activation field indicative of user actuation of the switch, typically caused by a user's finger in close proximity or contact with the sensor. Capacitive switches are typically configured to detect user actuation of the switch based on comparison of the sense activation field to a threshold.
Switch assemblies often employ a plurality of capacitive switches in close proximity to one another and generally require that a user select a single desired capacitive switch to perform the intended operation. In some applications, such as use in an automobile, the driver of the vehicle has limited ability to view the switches due to driver distraction. In such applications, it is desirable to allow the user to explore the switch assembly for a specific button while avoiding a premature determination of switch activation. Thus, it is desirable to discriminate whether the user intends to activate a switch, or is simply exploring for a specific switch button while focusing on a higher priority task, such as driving, or has no intent to activate a switch.
Capacitive switches may be manufactured using thin film technology in which a conductive ink mixed with a solvent is printed and cured to achieve an electrical circuit layout. Capacitive switches can be adversely affected by condensation. For example, as humidity changes, changes in condensation may change the capacitive signal. The change in condensation may be sufficient to trigger a faulty activation.
Accordingly, it is desirable to provide for a proximity switch arrangement which enhances the use of proximity switches by a person, such as a driver of a vehicle. It is further desirable to provide for a proximity switch arrangement that reduces or prevents false activations due to condensation events.A conventional laser beam level instrument is quite complex for its structure or mechanism and also occupies a larger volume.
The automatic optical levelling, plumbing and verticality-determining apparatus of U.S. Pat. No. 6,035,540 also granted to the same inventor of this application includes a frame (3) for securing the illuminators (6, 7, 8) and the plumb device (4) on the frame (3) rotatably mounted on the base (1), easily causing precision problem by such a rotatable mechanism; and a longer stem (42) for mounting the plumb device (4) on the stem on the frame (3), thereby increasing the total height of the instrument and causing unstable standing and inconvenient handling of the instrument.
The present inventor has found the drawbacks of the conventional laser levelling or calibrating instrument and invented the present compact optical calibrating apparatus.
The object of the present invention is to provide a compact optical calibrating apparatus including: a housing having a base formed on a bottom of the housing, a horizontality calibrator universally pendulously mounted in the housing, a plurality of illuminators embedded or secured in a plumb pendulously secured to the horizontality calibrator, and a switch device pivotally secured in the housing for switching on or off a power source supplied to the illuminators and for braking or releasing the pendulous movement of the plumb; whereby upon embedding of the illuminators in the plumb, the height and volume of the calibrating apparatus is decreased for obtaining a compact optical calibrating instrument.Various tumors express oligosaccharide sequences which are different from the non-malignant glycosylation of the same cell or tissue type. Examples of the known or speculated cancer associated oligosaccharide structures include: glycolipid structures such as globo-H (Fucα2Galβ3GalNAcβ3Galα4LacβCer), gangliosides: GM1 Galβ3GalNAcβ4(NeuNAcα3)LacβCer or GD2 GalNAcβ4(NeuNAcα8NeuNAcα3)LacβCer; Lewis-type fucosylated structures such as Lewis a and x: Galβ3/4(Fucα4/3)GlcNAc, Lewis y: Fucα2Galβ4(Fucα3)GlcNAc, sialyl-Lewis x: NeuNAcα3Galβ4(Fucα3)GlcNAc, and some combinations of these on polylactosamine chains; O-glycan core structures, such as T-antigen Galβ3GalNAcαSer/Thr-Protein, Tn-antigen GalNAcαSer/Thr-Protein or sialyl Tn-antigen NeuNAcα6GalNAcαSer/Thr-Protein. Presence of non-human structures such as N-glycolyl-neuraminic acid in cancers has also been indicated. Association and specificity of oligosaccharide structures with regard to cancers have been well established only in few cases, some of the structures are present in normal cells and tissues and are possibly only more concentrated in cancers.
One report has indicated that structures with terminal GlcNAcβ3Galβ4GlcNAc sequence are present in human leukaemia cells (Hu et al., 1994). The structures may also be equally present on normal leukocytes. Thus, the relation of the finding to glycosylation patterns generally present in solid tumors was not indicated. This type of saccharide structures may be a part of rare normal glycosylations of human tissues: GlcNAcβ3Galβ4GlcNAcβ6 sequence linked on O-glycans is probably present on human gastric mucin. A study shows that a monoclonal antibody recognizing GlcNAcβ3Galβ4GlcNAcβ6 sequence may possibly recognize similar structures on malignant tissues, such as mucinous ovarian neoplasms, pseudopyloric metaplasia of gallbladder and pancreatic epithelia, gastric differentiated carcinoma of stomach, gallbladder and pancreas, and on non-malignant tissues, such as human amniotic fluid, but, however, the structures from malignant tissues were not characterized (Hanisch et al., 1993). The antibody did not recognize neoglycolipid structure GlcNAcβ3Galβ4GlcNAcβ3Galβ4 nor carcinomas of lung, colorectum, endometrium or other organs. Another monoclonal antibody raised against testicular cells probably recognizes branched N-acetyllactosamines such as GlcNAcβ3(GlcNAcβ6)Galβ4GlcNAc- (Symington et al., 1984). Terminal GlcNAc has also been reported from mucins of human foetal mucin (Hounsell et al., 1989). In normal tissues terminal GlcNAc may be present in minor amounts as biosynthetic intermediates in the biosynthesis of poly-N-acetyllactosamines.
Several monoclonal antibodies has been raised against a semisynthetic glycolipid GlcNAcβ3Galβ4GlcNAcβ3LacβCer, these antibodies were shown to recognize glycolipids from cultured colon cancer cell lines and tumors (Holmes et al., 1991). However, the antibodies recognized several structures and the binding data was contradictory. Moreover the glycolipids were not recognized by all of the antibodies and the glycolipid structures from cancer cells or tumors were not characterized. Therefore the presence of terminal GlcNAc structures on tumors were not established. Another study showed production of a monoclonal antibody against GlcNAcβ3LacβCer (Nakamura et al., 1993). This antibody also weakly recognized the pentasaccharide structure described above. Moreover, the antibody recognized a protease sensitive epitope on COS-1 cells, which cell line is not of human origin. The immunization protocols of these studies did not describe induced antibody responses against polyvalent conjugates of the saccharides, but immunization by glycolipids.
Normally there are large amounts of antibodies recognizing terminal GlcNAc structures in human serum. There are also a class of natural antibodies recognizing terminal Galα3Galβ4GlcNAc- structures. The Galα antigen is not naturally present in man and recently it was also shown that the natural antibodies bind structures such as GalNAcα3Galβ4GlcNAc, GalNAcβ3Galβ4GlcNAc, and GlcNAcβ3Galβ4GlcNAc (Teneberg et al., 1996). The X2-structure, GalNAcβ3Galβ4GlcNAc, is a normal antigen on human tissues and structures GalNAcα3Galβ4GlcNAc and Galα3Galβ4GlcNAc have not been described from normal or cancer tissues. Thus, the present finding that the terminal GlcNAc structure is a tumor antigen indicates that the actual function of the natural antibodies might be the prevention of cancers having terminal GlcNAc structures.
The following patents describe cancer antigens and their use for making antibodies for therapeutic and diagnostic uses and for cancer vaccines. The antigen structures are not related to saccharides of the present invention:    Cancer vaccines: U.S. Pat. Nos. 5,102,663; 5,660,834; 5,747,048; 5,229,289 and 6,083,929.    Therapeutic antibodies: U.S. Pat. Nos. 4,851,511; 4,904,596; 5,874,060; 6,025,481 and 5,795,961.    Diagnostics: U.S. Pat. Nos. 4,725,557; 5,059,520; 5,171,667; 5,173,292; 6,090,789; 5,708,163; 5,679,769; 5,543,505; 5,902,725 and 6,203,999.
In the prior art tumor diagnostic and therapeutic antibodies recognizing chitobiose-mannose trisaccharides has been described in DE 38 07 594 A1. The application also describes other N-glycans with numerous varying terminal structures some of which may also comprise non-reducing terminal N-acetyl glucosamine. Several of the desired structures have been later characterized as normal glycans and not cancer specific structures. The application claims to describe structures useful for cancer applications. However, it is not quite clear from the application what the structures of desired glycan are. It is indicated that the GlcNAc residues can be α2, α4, or α6-linked. The present invention is not directed to such unusual structures.
Another patent application WO 00/21552 claims several unusual O-glycan structures isolated from bovine submaxillary mucin. Some of the structures such as GlcNAcβ6GalNAcα6GalNAc and GalNAcβ3(GlcNAcβ6)GalNAc comprise terminal GlcNAc-residues. Present invention is not directed to these structures comprising two GalNAc-residues. The application contains speculation about potential therapeutic use of the structures as antigens related to cancer. It has not been shown that the structures are related to bovine cancer but the structures are present in bovine normal submaxillary secretion. Moreover, it is even less probable that the structures would be present in human tissues, as the glycosylations are species specific and vary between human and bovine, so that glycosyltransferase and glycosylation profiles are different in bovine and human. The human genome is also known and glycosyltransferases which could be related to synthesis of the claimed bovine structures has not been produced and characterized. So far none of the six novel glycosyltransferases claimed has been described from human, or human cancer (nor from bovine cancer). Moreover, any bovine glycosylations has not been found from human salivary mucins which have been carefully characterized.Known couplings, of the type defined above employ an exterior power means such as a source of fluid under pressure (see U.S. Pat. No. 2,958,315 and FR-A-2,187,051 and 1,085,087).In recent years, technologies have emerged which can provide high density electrical interconnections between an integrated circuit (IC) chip and a substrate to form IC assemblies, otherwise known as IC packages. These technologies for forming electrical connections between an IC chip and a substrate are commonly known as wire bonding, tape-automatic bonding (TAB) and solder flip-chip bonding. Although, all these bonding techniques can be used to form high density electrical interconnections, the use of one particular technique over another is typically dictated by the desired number and spacing of the electrical connections on the IC chip and the substrate, as well as the permissible cost for assembling the IC package.
In a comparison of these three techniques, wire bonding is the most common technique for electrically connecting an IC chip to a substrate. This is due to that fact that this technique provides the maximum number of chip connections with the lowest cost per connection. A disadvantage of wire bonding is that inductance present in the wires used in connecting the IC chip to the substrate degrades the electrical performance of the assembled IC package. Moreover, since the wires connect perimeter connections of the IC chip to contacts on the substrate in areas not occupied by the IC chip, wire bonding electrical interconnects require a relatively large surface area of the substrate. Lastly, since wire bonding requires each connection between the IC chip and the substrate to be made one at a time, the process of electrically interconnecting an IC chip to a substrate using the wire bonding technique is somewhat time consuming.
TAB bonding permits a higher density of electrical interconnects when compared to wire bonding. However, TAB bonding is more expensive than wire bonding because TAB bonding requires special tooling for each different IC chip design. Also, like wire bonding, TAB bonding requires perimeter connections and therefore a relatively large surface area of the substrate to accomplish the IC chip and substrate electrical interconnect. Moreover, like wire bonding, undesirable inductance as a result of TAB bonding degrades the electrical performance of the IC chip circuitry.
Flip-chip bonding is achieved by providing an IC chip with an area array of solder wettable contact pads which comprise the signal terminals on the chip. A matching footprint of solder wettable contact pads are provided on the substrate. Before assembly onto the substrate, solder bumps are deposited on the metal pads of the chip and/or the substrate. The chip is then placed upside down on the upper surface of the substrate such that the metal pads (solder bumps) of the chip are in alignment with the metal pads (solder bumps) of the substrate. All connections between the chip and the substrate are then made simultaneously by heating the solder bumps to a reflow temperature at which the solder flows and an electrically conductive joint is formed between the contact pads of the IC chip and the substrate.
When compared to wire bonding and TAB bonding, flip-chip bonding of an IC chip to a substrate provides the advantage of requiring less surface area on the substrate, and thereby facilitates high-density interconnections commonly required in IC assemblies. Since the interconnections between the substrate and the IC chip in flip-chip bonding are short, well controlled electrical characteristics are provided, and undesirable inductance that can degrade the electrical performance of the IC chip circuitry is minimized. In other words, high speed signals are thus propagated in and through the packaged integrated circuits with minimum delay and distortion.
There is a need for improved integrated circuit assemblies. In particular there is a need for an improved integrated circuit assembly that can be assembled using flip-chip bonding techniques to achieve a packaged integrated circuit having low interconnect capacitance, thereby improving signal speed and eliminating some need for off chip driver cells. The improved integrated circuit assembly should provide these features while being amenable to high volume low defect manufacturing.1. Field of the Invention
This invention relates primarily to the treatment of cereal grains to recover the starch and protein fractions.
2. Description of the Art Practices
U.S. Pat. No. 3,951,938 issued to Kerkkonen et al on Apr. 20, 1976 describes a process for separating the components of a cereal grain into a starch and gluten fraction. The '938 process is stated to be advantageous over the Martin process which while initially using small quantities of water eventually uses larger quantities of water than the '938 process. The differences between the presently described process and the '938 process are described in detail infra.
The agglomeration of protein is a necessary step as conventional processing requires that the protein be screened to be recovered. The larger the agglomerates of protein are, the easier the screening process is conducted. More importantly, when the protein is efficiently agglomerated less is lost to the waste stream.
Throughout the specification and claims percentages and ratios are by weight and temperatures are in degrees Celsius unless otherwise noted. U.S. Pat. No. 3,951,938 is herein incorporated by reference.Semiconductor light-emitting devices including light emitting diodes (LEDs), resonant cavity light emitting diodes (RCLEDs), vertical cavity laser diodes (VCSELs), and edge emitting lasers are among the most efficient light sources currently available. Materials systems currently of interest in the manufacture of high-brightness light emitting devices capable of operation across the visible spectrum include Group III-V semiconductors, particularly binary, ternary, and quaternary alloys of gallium, aluminum, indium, and nitrogen, also referred to as III-nitride materials. Typically, III-nitride light emitting devices are fabricated by epitaxially growing a stack of semiconductor layers of different compositions and dopant concentrations on a sapphire, silicon carbide, III-nitride, or other suitable substrate by metal-organic chemical vapor deposition (MOCVD), molecular beam epitaxy (MBE), or other epitaxial techniques. The stack often includes one or more n-type layers doped with, for example, Si, formed over the substrate, one or more light emitting layers in an active region formed over the n-type layer or layers, and one or more p-type layers doped with, for example, Mg, formed over the active region. Electrical contacts are formed on the n- and p-type regions.
A light emitting device such as an LED is often combined with a wavelength converting material such as a phosphor. FIGS. 1A-1E are side cross-sectional views illustrating process steps needed to fabricate a wavelength conversion chip, described in more detail in US 2012/0086028. The process is described as follows in US 2012/0086028: The first step in the process for forming wavelength conversion chips is to select a substrate 100, which is shown in a side cross-sectional view in FIG. 1A. The substrate provides a physical support for the subsequent deposition of the wavelength conversion layer. Substrate 100 has a bottom surface 120 and a top surface 140 opposite bottom surface 120. Substrate 100 can be a polymeric material or an inorganic material. See, for example, paragraph 77.
The next process step is to deposit a wavelength conversion layer 200 on the top surface 140 of substrate 100 as illustrated in a side cross-sectional view in FIG. 1B. The wavelength conversion layer 200 has a bottom surface 220 in direct contact with the top surface 140 of substrate 100 and a top surface 240. The wavelength conversion layer 200 is formed from wavelength conversion materials. The wavelength conversion materials absorb light in a first wavelength range and emit light in a second wavelength range, where the light of a second wavelength range has longer wavelengths than the light of a first wavelength range. The wavelength conversion materials may be, for example, phosphor materials or quantum dot materials. The phosphor materials may be in the form of powders, ceramics, thin film solids or bulk solids. See, for example, paragraphs 78 and 79.
The next process step is an optional annealing step, as illustrated in FIG. 1C, to thermally anneal or radiation anneal 300 the wavelength conversion layer 200 in order to increase the wavelength conversion efficiency of the layer or, in the case of a phosphor powder, to sinter the powder to form a ceramic layer. See, for example, paragraph 85.
The next process step is to segment the wavelength conversion layer 200 into a plurality of wavelength conversion chips 500. Grooves or streets 400 are formed through the wavelength conversion layer 200 as shown in a side cross-sectional view in FIG. 1D. The streets 400 are fabricated in two directions (only one direction is shown) to form a plurality of wavelength conversion chips 500 that can be square, rectangular or any other planar geometric shape. See, for example, paragraph 88.
The final step is to remove the plurality of wavelength conversion chips 500 from substrate 100. For example, the plurality of wavelength conversion chips 500 can be removed by directing a pulsed laser beam 600 though substrate 100 to destroy the adhesion of the bottom surface 220 of the wavelength conversion layer 200 to the top surface 140 of the substrate 100 as shown in a side cross-sectional view in FIG. 1E. See, for example, paragraph 89.In connection with the field of corrosive fluids transport, coupling assemblies are already known for connecting a tube to a body part of another component, comprising a ring part mounted on the periphery of the tube and receiving at one end a curved end portion of the tube, and wherein the sealing is achieved by axially clamping the curved end portion of the tube against a receiving surface through said ring. A connector assembly of this type is described, for example, in patent application EP 0 584 009. However, this connector assembly has the disadvantage of not being easily adaptable to the connection of tubes of different diameters.Currently a health care provider (for example, a doctor) does not know at the time of service what portion of the doctor's bill for services will be the patient's responsibility and what portion will be paid by a payer (for example, an insurance company). Only after the patient's visit is the patient responsibility amount determined. This patient responsibility amount is determined by the doctor and the payer in what is called an “adjudication”. This means that the doctor typically cannot bill the patient at the time of service, but rather must wait until the amount is known to bill the patient for the patient responsibility amount. The result is paperwork, administrative expense, and a delay in collection. If the patient later chooses not to pay, the expense to the doctor of collecting payment from the patient may be so great that the doctor elects just to write off the uncollected amount. A solution is desired.Mechanical equipment refers to a machine or machinery that is formed of a defined arrangement of multiple components. A component may represent a part, an assembly of parts, a subassembly of a part, an element, or another constituent of a machine. A component is not limited to mechanical elements and is broadly defined to include an electrical assembly, an electrical system, an electronic system, a computer controller, software, or the like. Mechanical equipment includes heavy equipment and capital-intensive equipment that is movable or fixed. Mobile mechanical equipment includes airplanes, busses, locomotives, ships, cranes, heavy trucks, earth-moving equipment, or the like. Fixed mechanical equipment includes electrical power generators, industrial presses, manufacturing equipment, or the like.
A configuration defines the identity of the components (e.g., parts), a specification of the components, and the relationship among the arrangement of components of the mechanical equipment, among other things. Because some components are interchangeable with substitutes, the configuration of mechanical equipment may vary throughout a life span of the mechanical equipment as equipment-related work (e.g., maintenance, repair, or overhaul work) is performed. The configuration of mechanical equipment may change because of a revision of product definitions or a review (e.g., a financial and performance review) of the mechanical equipment. Further, even during the manufacturing process, the manufacturer of the mechanical equipment may substitute different components (e.g., parts) from different suppliers to customize the mechanical equipment, to meet a certain technical specifications for the mechanical equipment, or to save manufacturing costs on the mechanical equipment. For example, the manufacturer may change technical specifications of mechanical equipment to rectify manufacturing anomalies or to facilitate more reliable production. Thus, standard as-built documentation on the mechanical equipment may contain erroneous information on the configuration of the equipment.
Maintenance, overhaul and repair personnel may keep few records of the actual configuration of the equipment because of over-reliance on the manufacturer's specifications, manuals, and as-built documentation. Even if configuration records are available, the records may be difficult to use or access. Thus, a need exists for promoting the maintenance of accurate records on equipment-related work with ready access to maintenance, overhaul and repair personnel.
In the context of an airplane as the mechanical equipment, the airplane may be viewed as a member of a fleet subject to the fleet specifications in general manuals, rather than a unique configuration. If generalizations from the fleet specifications are applied to an airplane, the generalization may not apply because of changes in the configuration made during maintenance (e.g., maintenance, repair or overhaul) or earlier manufacturing changes. While the practical experience of the mechanic or technician may overcome the informational gap between the documentation and the actual configuration, such practical experience is often communicated inefficiently by word of mouth and documentation may be unavailable. Moreover, repair and maintenance may become more costly where the mechanic or technician needs to figure out the implications of departures from expected or wrongly documented configurations on an ad-hoc basis.
The operator or owner of the mechanical equipment may operate equipment with a sub-optimal configuration that does not comply with a desired technical specification because of a lack of adequate procedures for identification of the desired technical specification and tracking compliance with the desired technical specification. For example, a typical performance guarantee or warranty for an airplane, as the mechanical equipment, may cover the number of landings/takeoffs, engine hours, and general availability of flight readiness of the aircraft. However, an operator or an owner of an aircraft may fail to enforce the warranty or performance guarantee against the manufacturer because the lack of adequate record-keeping and monitoring of the actual performance of the aircraft that are necessary to demonstrate a performance deficiency. Thus, a need exists for a procedure that facilitates monitoring of compliance with a desired technical performance objective for the mechanical equipment.
In regulated industries, such as the airline industry, the noncompliance with a desired technical specification may represent a violation of a regulatory standard, which can subject the operator or owner of the mechanical equipment to economic penalties. Moreover, noncompliance with a configuration may pose a serious threat to the safety of passengers aboard a noncompliant aircraft. Thus, a need exists for facilitating compliance of a configuration of mechanical equipment with applicable safety requirements on a timely basis.1. Field of the Invention
This invention relates to device to temporarily elevate the position of eyeglasses having multifocal lenses relative to a user's eyes for proper visual and head alignment for certain activities, such as computer use.
2. Description of Related Art
Multifocal eyeglasses have been used for many years to provide different focal points to correct a user's vision for different activities, such as close-up reading or viewing a movie at a distance. These types of eyeglasses include bifocals, trifocals, and progressive no-line lenses. For certain activities, a user must adjust his or her head position to bring the portion of the glasses having the required focal point into the line of vision for the activity. This can cause neck and shoulder discomfort and headaches.
One particular activity that is problematic is use of a computer. Viewing a computer screen typically requires the intermediate or near focal region of one's eyeglasses. However, the computer monitor is typically positioned such that most of the screen is viewed through the distance focal area of the glasses, with the intermediate or near focal zones of the glasses being too low, when the user's head is held in a normal position (see FIG. 12 A, for example). Computer users frequently tilt their heads back, away from the computer screen, in order to elevate the near or intermediate focal area and bring it into alignment with the screen (see FIG. 12B, for example). The angle of tilt, which can be 10 to 30 degrees from a normal or natural head tilt position for computer usage, can result in pain and discomfort, particularly for prolonged periods of computer use. Similar issues arise when using portable electronic devices, piano music, art easels and the like.
There are many known devices that are specifically designed for elevating multifocal eyeglasses on a user's face. For example, U.S. Pat. No. 2,144,165 discloses bifocal frames having rotatable nose pads configured to elevate the position of the glasses in one position and lower them when rotated 180°. The supporting member for the rotatable nose pads is fixed to the eyeglasses frame, so it is not useful as a retrofit device for existing glasses. Additionally, the moving parts increase the likelihood of failure from wear and use. Similarly, U.S. Pat. No. 6,554,422 discloses several adjustable nose rest devices that allow the eyeglass frame to slide up and be held in place by a set screw. The devices in the '422 patent involve several parts capable of moving relative to other parts to position the device and secure it in place during use, increasing the likelihood of failure. Additionally, many of the devices disclosed in the '422 patent are only for use with specially designed eyeglass frames, while others are limited to eyeglass frames having a certain frame dimensions, such as thickness, and cannot be used with standard eyeglass frames without modifying the frame.
Another example is U.S. Pat. No. 3,712,717, which discloses a pad device that sits on the user's nose behind the bridge of the eyeglasses frame and includes a hook that attaches to the bridge of the frame. The device in the '717 patent pushes the eyeglasses frame forward relative to the user's face, which may displace the temple tips that curve behind the ear resulting in discomfort. The forward displacement of the frame may also diminish the area of corrected vision as the lenses move further from the eyes, depending on the frame/lens size/shape. Additionally, the hook portion of the device in the '717 patent limits use of the device to eyeglasses frames of particular sizes and shapes. Similarly, the devices disclosed in U.S. Pat. Nos. 2,801,569 and 3,087,383 have a slot into which the bridge of the eyeglasses frame is inserted, pushing the eyeglasses forward and limiting use to eyeglasses frames of particular sizes and shapes. The devices in these patents also have side flange parts that attach to the lower end of the eyeglasses frame, which further limits use of the devices to particular types and sizes of frames and may partially obstruct the view through the lenses.
The known prior art devices suffer from several drawbacks. These include that they are mechanically complicated, are useable with only certain types or sizes of eyeglass frames, push the eyeglasses forward relative to the user's face, partially obstruct the lenses, are not easily positioned relative to the user's face and eyeglasses frame, and are not discrete in appearance. There is a need for a simple universal device that is easily positioned and used with varying styles and sizes of eyeglass frames.In this day of age, safety is the utmost importance for all people in the world because of all the car jackings and kidnappings that are going on, it is almost impossible to be safe. Some people are being held hostage and are hidden in trunks to be transported from place to place. There is a need to be able to unlock the trunk from the inside and to be able to escape if bound.The present invention relates to a timing mechanism and more particularly to a timing mechanism that provides a single and a double upper circuit for controlling the function of an appliance.
Timing mechanisms have been used for many years to control the functions of dishwashers, washers, and dryers. In such applications, it is sometimes necessary to provide several circuits between the timing mechanism and the appliance to perform several functions. In the present invention, a single and a double upper circuit have been provided in a very simple and economical manner.The present invention relates to printing of patterns with extremely high precision on photosensitive surfaces, such as photomasks for semiconductor devices and displays. It also relates to direct writing of semiconductor device patterns, display panels, integrated optical devices and electronic interconnect structures. Furthermore, it can have applications to other types of precision printing such as security printing. The term printing should be understood in a broad sense, meaning exposure of photoresist and photographic emulsion, but also the action of light on other light sensitive media such as dry-process paper, by ablation or chemical processes activated by light or heat. Light is not limited to mean visible light, but a wide range of wavelengths from infrared (IR) to extreme UV. Of special importance is the ultraviolet range from 370 nm (UV) through deep ultraviolet (DUV), vacuum ultraviolet (VUV) and extreme ultraviolet (EUV) down to a few nanometers wavelength. EUV is in this application defined as the range from 100 nm and down as far as the radiation is possible to treat as light. A typical wavelength for EUV is 13 nm. IR is defined as 780 nm up to about 20 xcexcm.
In a different sense the invention relates to the art and science of spatial light modulators and projection displays and printers using such modulators. In particular it improves the grey-scale properties, the image stability through focus and image uniformity and the data processing for such modulators by application of analog modulation technique. The most important use of the analog modulation is to generate an image in a high-contrast material such as photoresist with an address grid, i.e. the increment by which the position of an edge in the pattern is specified, that is much finer than the grid created by the pixels of the spatial light modulator.
It is known in the current art to build precision pattern generators using projection of micromirror spatial light modulators (SLMs) of the micromirror type (Nelson 1988, Kxc3xcck 1990). To use an SLM in a pattern generator has a number of advantages compared to the more wide-spread method of using scanning laser spots: the SLM is a massively parallel device and the number of pixels that can be written per second is extremely high. The optical system is also simpler in the sense that the illumination of the SLM is non-critical, while in a laser scanner the entire beam path has to be built with high precision. Compared to some types of scanners, in particular electrooptic and acoustooptic ones, the micromirror SLM can be used at shorter wavelengths since it is a purely reflective device.
In both references cited above the spatial modulator uses only on-off modulation at each pixel. The input data is converted to a pixel map with one bit depth, i.e. with the values 0 and 1 in each pixel. The conversion can be done effectively using graphic processors or custom logic with area fill instructions.
In a previous application by the same inventor Sandstrxc3x6m (Sandstrxc3x6m et. al. 1990), the ability to use an intermediate exposure value at the boundary of a pattern element to fine-adjust the position of the element""s edge in the image created by a laser scanner was described.
It is also known in the art to create a grey-scale image, preferably for projection display of video images and for printing, with an SLM by variation of the time a pixel is turned on or by printing the same pixel several times with the pixel turned on a varying number of times. The present invention devices a system for direct grey-scale generation with a spatial light modulator, with a special view to the generation of ultra-precision patterns. Important aspects in the preferred embodiments, are uniformity of the image from pixel to pixel and independence of exact placement of a feature relative to the pixels of the SLM and stability when focus is changed, either with intention or inadvertently.
Specifically, there is a problem with achieving a finer and more precise address resolution with the previously known equipment.
It is therefore an object of the present invention to provide an pattern generator with improved address resolution.
This object is achieved with an apparatus according to the appended claims, providing an finer address resolution.Motion-transmitting remote control cable assemblies, such as “push-pull cables,” are used for transmitting force or load and/or motion, typically along a curved path e.g. in aircraft, automotive, and marine environments, etc. Known cable assemblies can be used for transmitting load and motion in both push and pull type applications. In the automotive environment, typical applications include, but are not limited to, accelerators, or similar applications.
A motion-transmitting remote control cable assembly for transmitting motion along a curved path typically includes a flexible core element (core or strand) slidably enclosed within a flexible outer sheath (conduit) with a conduit fitting attached to each end. Each conduit fitting attaches to a corresponding bracket or other mounting fixture, support structure or the like. The cable assembly further includes, typically, a terminal sub-assembly at each end. A first terminal sub-assembly is secured (or adapted to be secured) to a controlled member, e.g., a movable lever, etc. of a motor vehicle transmission. The terminal sub-assembly at the other end is secured (or adapted to be secured) to an actuator, i.e. a control member such as a handle, motor output member, etc. Typically, the actuator member and the controlled member each provides a mounting pin or other suitable feature at a mounting point for suitable connection to the corresponding terminal sub-assembly, such that the cable assembly is able to transfer load or motion between the two mounting points. That is, moving the actuator member transmits force/motion via longitudinal movement of the strand within the sheath, to correspondingly move the controlled member. (It should be understood that in some applications the control member and the controlled member may from time to time reverse roles or may otherwise share the control and controlled roles.)
The strand of a motion-transmitting cable assembly is often secured to a mounting pin or other attachment component at the aforesaid mounting point of the controlled or control member by a terminal or core-adjuster assembly. Mounting pins and other such attachment components can have a relatively large dimensional tolerance range due to manufacturing variations and the like. Large dimensional tolerance ranges are seen, for example, in the attachment pins of automobile transmission shift systems. As a result of this large tolerance range, there can be a difference in fit from one unit to the next, between the terminal or core-adjuster assembly and the mounting pin, which in some units results in a gap and the possibility of relative movement between the fitting and the pin referred to as lash. In certain cases lash causes inaccuracy in the transmission shift system throughout its full range of movement. Additionally, these known terminal assemblies often have large installation loads (the forces required to attach the terminal sub-assembly to the pin or other mounting component) in order to obtain correspondingly high extraction loads (the forces required to inadvertently remove the terminal sub-assembly from the pin or other mounting component). Traditionally, the problem of lash is mitigated by the use of an isolator at the interconnection between the pin and the terminal sub-assembly, designed to absorb vibration. The problem with traditional isolators is that by their very nature they must be made of a softer material that has significant give or resiliency to absorb the vibration and as a result suffer from increased wear and breakdown in areas were the force or load is concentrated, i.e. where the pin contacts the isolator. Another problem with traditional terminal assemblies is determining correct orientation during assembly and installation. Having a number of interconnecting part to be assembled and installed on an assembly line can provide a potential for improperly assembled or installed parts that could lead to future failure of the device.
Accordingly, there is a need in the art for improved motion transmitting remote control cable assemblies and for end fittings for motion transmitting remote control cable assemblies, which account for dimensional tolerance ranges of mating components and are operative to reduce vibration during operation. There is also a need for motion transmitting remote control cable assemblies and end fitting for such cable assemblies, which require relatively low installation loads while maintaining relatively high extraction loads. There is also a need for motion transmitting remote control cable assemblies and end fittings for same, resistant to wear or breakdown at the area of the interconnection between the terminal sub-assembly and a mounting pin. There is also a need for terminal assemblies that are simple to assemble and install with proper orientation.
It is an object of the present invention, to provide cable assemblies addressing some or all of the above problems. It is another object to provide end fittings for motion transmitting cable assemblies, addressing some or all of the above problems.In certain electronic circuits, a converted voltage may be used. For example, in a modern PC (personal computer) system, a real time clock (RTC) produces a frequency output that is then used to provide a time base for the system, which thus requires constant power. For this purpose, an RTC Crystal Oscillator (RTCCO) resides on an I/O (input/output) controller hub chip, which is sometimes referred to as the “south-bridge”. An RTC circuit provides an accurate oscillator output (commonly a frequency of 32.768 kHz) that is used as the main clock to maintain system time. The output of the RTC circuit is divided to obtain time in units of seconds, minutes, and hours. The time is stored by the system and used as the time basis for the system, which is maintained when the system power is either on or off.
When PC system is powered down, the RTC circuit derives power from another power source, such as a self-contained source in the PC. A 3.0-volt coin cell lithium battery is generally used because such batteries are widely available and very inexpensive. In certain systems, another power source, such as a charged capacitor, may provide the power for the RTC circuit when the system is powered down. A PC system may be turned off for long periods of time, possibly for years, depending upon usage and the length of time a system may stay in storage. Therefore, an RTC circuit may potentially need to derive power from a coin cell battery or other such power source for a period of years to maintain system time.
As computer processes move towards lower voltages in order to reduce power consumption and to increase speed in digital sections, the voltage of a coin cell may need to be stepped down to a lower voltage, such as a voltage range of less than 2 volts, depending upon the process voltage. The process of converting a DC voltage to a lower voltage consumes some amount of power, thereby reducing the length of time that the system can maintain the system time. Further, a certain minimum voltage is needed to operate the supplied circuit. Because the voltage of a battery or capacitor power source will fall over time as power is consumed, the voltage response of the DC-to-DC converter has an impact on the operation of the supplied circuit.
FIG. 1 illustrates one example of a conventional DC-to-DC converter. A voltage supply 105, such as a coin battery, provides a voltage to the circuit. The voltage supply is connected to the source of circuit is comprised of diode-connected transistors Q2 110 and Q3 115, which provide voltage drops and step down the voltage to the gate of output device 135. A reference load is provided, shown in FIG. 1 as comprising diode-connected transistors Q4 120 and Q5 125. Connected between Q4 120 and Q5 125 is transistor device Q1 130. A current through Q1 130 to adjust the reference load is provided by a clamping control circuit 160, which is controlled by a signal 165. The output voltage 140 from the circuit is supplied to certain devices, shown as an RTC oscillator 145 and RTC logic 150 utilized in maintenance of system time.
FIG. 2 is a graph of voltage output for a conventional DC-to DC converter, such as that shown in FIG. 1. The graph is provided for illustration and is not necessarily drawn to scale. FIG. 2 shows Vin 205 on the X-axis versus Vout 210 on the Y-axis for various voltages. Vin 205 is the voltage supplied by the power source, such as a battery or capacitor. Vout is the voltage output provided by the converter. A value for Vs 215 is shown on the Y-axis, Vs being the supply voltage required for operation of the devices that receive the output voltage. The graph curve 220 for Vin versus Vout falls off relatively quickly as the value of Vin drops. Therefore, the output voltage will drop off as a battery or other power source is depleted, eventually dropping below the needed voltage for operation of supplied devices, such as an RTC circuit.A multi-RAT UE having capability to access two or more radio access technologies (RATs) can be present. To access a specific RAT, connection to the specific RAT is established on the basis of a request of the UE and transmission and reception of data are performed.
However, the multi-RAT UE cannot simultaneously access multiple RATs even though the multi-RAT UE has capability to access two or more RAT. That is, current UEs cannot simultaneously transmit and receive data through different RATs even if the UEs have multi-RAT capability.
Conventional multi-RAT has a problem of low system efficiency since the conventional multi-RAT does not require interworking between a wireless LAN and a cellular network. Furthermore, the problem has not been studied.The field covers the combination of an opposed-piston engine with a hypocycloidal drive. In particular, the field covers the use of a piston coupled to a hypocycloidal drive to generate electrical power.
The opposed piston internal-combustion engine was invented by Hugo Junkers around the end of the nineteenth century. In Junkers' basic configuration, two pistons are disposed crown-to-crown in a common cylinder having inlet and exhaust ports near bottom dead center of each piston, with the pistons serving as the valves for the ports. The engine has two crankshafts, each disposed at a respective end of the cylinder. The crankshafts are linked by rods to respective pistons and are geared together to control phasing of the ports and to provide engine output. The advantages of Junkers' opposed piston engine over traditional two-cycle and four-cycle engines include superior scavenging, reduced parts count and increased reliability, high thermal efficiency and high power density.
Nevertheless, Junkers' basic design contains a number of deficiencies among which is excessive friction, between the pistons and cylinder bore caused by side forces exerted on the pistons. Each piston is coupled by an associated connecting rod to one of the crankshafts. Each connecting rod is connected at one end to a piston by a wristpin internal to the piston; at the other end, the connecting rod engages a crankpin on a crankshaft. The connecting rod pivots on the wristpin in order to accommodate circular motion of the crank pin. As the connecting rod pushes the piston inwardly in the cylinder, it exerts a compressive force on the piston at an angle to the axis of the piston, which produces a radially-directed force (a side force) between the piston and cylinder bore. This side force increases piston/cylinder friction, raising the piston temperature and thereby limiting the brake mean effective pressure (BMEP) achievable by the engine.
An engine coupling invented by Mathew Murray in 1802 converted the linear motion of a steam engine piston and rod into rotary motion to drive a crankshaft by a “hypocycloidal” gear train coupling the rod to the crankshaft. A hypocycloid is a special plane curve generated by the trace of a fixed point on a small circle that rolls within a larger circle. In Murray's gear train, the larger circle is the “pitch circle” of a ring gear with teeth on an inner annulus and the small circle is the pitch circle of a spur gear with teeth on an outer annulus. (See the definition of “pitch circle” in American National Standard publication ANSI/AGMA 1012-G05 at 4.5.3.1.1, page 10). The spur gear is disposed within the ring gear, with its teeth meshed with the teeth of the ring gear. As the spur gear rotates, it travels an orbit on the inner annulus of the ring gear. Murray's gear train represents a special hypocycloid in which the pitch diameter (D) of the ring gear's pitch circle is twice the pitch diameter (d) of the spur gear's pitch circle. When D=2d, a point on the spur gear pitch circle moves in a straight line along a corresponding pitch diameter of the ring gear as the spur gear orbits within the ring gear. Murray connected one such point to a piston rod; the linear motion of the piston rod caused the spur gear to revolve within the ring gear, and the gear train converted the piston's linear motion to rotary motion.
Cycloidal gear arrangements have been used in numerous internal combustion engine configurations, including opposed piston engines. See U.S. Pat. No. 2,199,625, for example. In the engine disclosed in the '625 patent, opposed pistons are coupled to cycloid crank drives by means of connecting rods. However, the '625 patent omits two critical insights in this regard.
First, the plane curve traced by the spur gear is not linear in any embodiment taught in the '625 patent: thus, connecting rod motion is not linear. In fact, each connecting rod conventionally engages a wristpin internal to a piston, which allows the connecting rod to pivot with respect to the axis of the piston in order to accommodate the non-linear plane curves traced by the spur gear. Consequently, as the connecting rod pivots on a return stroke while moving a piston into a cylinder, it imposes side forces on the piston, which causes friction between the piston and cylinder bore.
Thus, an unrealized advantage of coupling the pistons of an opposed piston engine to hypocycloidal drives in which the ratio between the pitch diameters of the ring and spur gears is 2:1 is that the pistons, and their connecting rods, undergo purely linear movement along a common axis, thereby eliminating radially-directed side forces that cause friction between the pistons and the bore of the cylinder in which they are disposed.
The '625 patent does indicate that grafting a hypocycloidal output to an opposed piston engine construction can add a dimension of flexibility to engine design and operation. For example, the ratio between the pitch diameters is varied to accommodate piston strokes of varying length, which, according to the patent, can be tailored to improve scavenging and piston cooling. However, the '625 patent omits the case where D=2d, in which the linear motion of the spur gear is sinusoidal. The '625 patent therefore lacks a second critical insight: the sinusoidal characteristic of the resulting linear motion can support useful adaptations of a hypocycloidally-coupled engine to produce a desirable sinusoidal output. For example, an internal-combustion engine may be adapted to generate AC electrical power by mounting a coil to the skirt of a piston and coupling the piston to a hypocycloidal drive in which D=2d. The action of the hypocycloidal drive imposes a sinusoidal period on the straight linear motion of the piston. As the piston transports the coil though a magnetic field, a sinusoidal voltage is induced in the windings of the coil.1. Field of the Invention
This invention relates to methods and compositions for reducing post-surgical adhesions in the mammalian abdominal or thoracic cavity or other body spaces, whether accidentally or surgically created.
2. Description of the Prior Art
There is a need for a method and composition suitable for use in preventing adhesion formation/reformation in mammals following injury to the organs of the peritoneal, pelvic or pleural cavity, or other body spaces, such as subdural, extraocular, intraocular, otic, synovial, tendon sheath, whether accidentally or surgically created.
According to Ellis in a review entitled "The Cause And Prevention Of Post-operative Intraperitoneal Adhesions" in Surgery, Gynecology and Obstetrics for September 1971, volume 133, pages 497-509, at pages 502-503, the prevention of adhesions has been the subject of an enormous amount of work since the beginning of this century. According to Ellis, these attempts have included means of preventing the fibrin-coated walls of the intestine from reaching each other by distending the abdomen with oxygen or filling the abdomen with saline solution, paraffin, olive oil, lanolin, concentrated dextrose solution, macromolecular solutions of all sorts, and silicones.
Menzies and Ellis in an article entitled "Intestinal Obstruction from Adhesions--How Big is the Problem?" Annals of the Royal College of Surgeons of England, volume 72, pages 60-63, 1990 reported adhesions findings in 10.4% of 115 patients with first-time laparotomies while 93% of 210 patients had intra-abdominal adhesions due to previous surgery. Admission for intestinal obstruction was made for 0.9% of 28,297 general surgery patients while 3.3% of 4,502 laparotomy patients were admitted for adhesive obstruction. These data emphasize the magnitude of readhesion after adhesiolysis or from subsequent surgical procedures. The authors state on p. 62, that there is currently no effective treatment that prevents their recurrence.
Caspi, Halperin, and Bukovsky in an article entitled "The Importance of Periadnexal Adhesions in Reconstructive Surgery for Infertility" appearing in Fertility and Sterility for Mar. 1982, volume 31, number 3, pages 296-300, at page 299 indicate that despite experimental and clinical efforts in the prevention of adhesion formation following surgery, no major advances have thus far been achieved. The authors discuss the use of post-operative intraperitoneal instillation of a mixture of hydrocortisone acetate (a glucocorticoid), promethazine, and ampicillin. As an alternative method of treatment, a low molecular weight dextran (a branched polysaccharide composed of glucose units) was also instilled intraperitoneally in another group of patients. The authors conclude that the intraperitoneal instillation of high doses of glucocorticoids combined with early hydrotubations seems to be a worthwhile method.
Musich and Behrman in an article entitled "Infertility Laparoscopy In Perspective: Review of 500 Cases" appearing in The American Journal of Obstetrics and Gynecology for Jun. 1, 1982, pages 293-303, at page 300 in the discussion section of the article disclose that there is a need to prevent adhesions subsequent to surgery in view of a study of 35 patients which indicated that 30 of these patients having previous tuboplasties had severe adhesions, one-third of which were judged to be inoperable.
High molecular weight dextran either alone or in combination with dextrose has been used in the prevention of peritoneal adhesions subsequent to surgery. Dextran is clinically standardized to a low molecular weight of about 75,000 by partial hydrolysis and fractional precipitation of the high molecular weight particles which normally have molecular weights of up to 200,000. Dextran is a polymer of glucose which has a chain-like structure and is produced from sucrose by Leuconostoc bacteria. In articles appearing in Fertility and Sterility, volume 33, number 6, June 1980, pages 660-662, Holtz, Baker, and Tsai and volume 34, number 4, October 1980, pages 394-395, by Holtz and Baker, results are reported of the adhesion reducing effects of a 32% (aqueous) solution of dextran 70 containing 10% dextrose (sold under the trade name HYSKON by Pharmacia, of Piscataway, N.J.). Holtz et al postulate several mechanisms of action in the prevention of peritoneal adhesions utilizing HYSKON including a simple mechanical separation of adjacent surfaces, termed a hydroflotation effect.
Project coordinator diZerega and several contributors have reported the results of a large study in an article entitled "Reduction of Post-operative Pelvic Adhesions with Intraperitoneal 32% Dextran 70: A Prospective, Randomized Clinical Trial" in Fertility and Sterility, volume 40, number 5, for November 1983, pages 612-619. The authors, at page 618, indicate that the use of Dextran intraperitoneally has limitations such as the reported tendency of HYSKON to support bacterial proliferation and concern over the anaphylactoid potential of dextran. In addition, the benefit of Dextran 70 in preventing post-operative adhesions was shown to be limited to the more dependent regions of the pelvis.
Borten, Seibert, and Taymor in Obstetrics and Gynecology, volume 61, number 6, June 1983, pages 755-757 report in an article entitled "Recurrent Anaphylactic Reaction to Intraperitoneal Dextran 75 Used for Prevention of Postsurgical Adhesions". These authors indicate that anaphylactic reaction to Dextran administered intravenously is well documented and report such a reaction after intraperitoneal administration of Dextran.
Linsky in The Journal of Reproductive Medicine for Jan. 1987, pages 17-20 in an article entitled "Adhesion Reduction in the Rabbit Uterine Horn Model Using an Absorbable Barrier, TC-7". These authors report that the use of a resorbable fabric barrier provides a significant reduction in post-operative adhesion formation and that no gross remnants of the fabric barrier material were noted, subsequent to initial placement, after a two week period.
Oelsner et al in The Journal of Reproductive Medicine for November 1987, volume 32, number 11, pages 812-814, report results of a comparison of sodium carboxymethyl cellulose, 32% dextran 70, and chondroitin sulfate to prevent the formation of postoperative adhesions in the rabbit uterus. The authors report superior results with chondroitin sulfate which is described as a member of a family of biochemical compounds referred to as glycosaminoglycans (formerly termed mucopolysaccharides), to which hyaluronic acid, heparitin sulfate and heparin also belong.
Peterson et al in The Journal of Hand Surgery for Jan. 1990, volume 15A, number 1, pages 48-56 state on page 48 that despite refinements in surgical technique and improved postoperative rehabilitation programs, results (of repair of lacerated flexor tendons) are often unsatisfactory because of the formation of adhesions around the repair site which restrict tendon gliding and prevent flexion of the digit. The authors on page 49 refer to use of biological barriers including paratenon, endothelial vein grafts, arterial grafts, fascial sheath grafts, and synthetic materials such as, metal tubes, cellophane, celloidin, polytef (Teflon), polyethylene, millipore cellulose tubes, and silcone sheeting. Complications from use of these materials included severe inflammatory response, ingrowth of adhesions around the edges of the material, and prevention of nutrient diffusion leading to tendon necrosis. They conclude that a suitable biologic or synthetic flexor sheath patch has not yet gained widespread clinical acceptance. The authors tested primary tendon sheath repair, autogenous fascia lata patches, and a synthetic patch of expanded polytetraflorethylene surgical membranes. They concluded on p. 55 that restoration of the sheath integrity was beneficial in reducing adhesion formation, but it is not possible to advocate one particular method.
The use of ethylene oxide/propylene oxide block copolymers as surfactants for use in surgical scrub solutions and the topical application of 10% solutions of these copolymers to wounds is described in Edlich et al in the Journal of Surgical Research, volume 14, number 4, April 1973, pages 277-284. The test results indicate that the copolymers having an ethylene oxide:propylene oxide ratio of 4:1 provide less inflammatory response in a wound to which the copolymer is applied in comparison with a copolymer having an ethylene oxide:propylene oxide ratio of 1:4. There is no indication in Edlich et al or any cited prior art that such copolymers are useful in reducing post-operative adhesions or that isotonic, aqueous solutions of such copolymers are useful in reducing post-operative adhesions.
Over the years, methods have been developed to achieve the efficient delivery of a therapeutic drug to a mammalian body part requiring pharmaceutical treatment. Use of an aqueous liquid which can be applied at room temperature as a liquid but which forms a semisolid gel when warmed to body temperature has been utilized as a vehicle for drug delivery since such a system combines ease of application with greater retention at the site requiring treatment than would be the case if the aqueous composition were not converted to a gel as it is warmed to mammalian body temperature. In U.S. Pat. No. 4,188,373, PLURONIC.RTM. polyols are used in aqueous compositions to provide thermally gelling aqueous systems. Adjusting the concentration of the polymer provides the desired sol-gel transition temperature, that is, the lower the concentration of polymer, the higher the sol-gel transition temperature.
In U.S. Pat. Nos. 4,474,751; '752; '753; and 4,478,822 drug delivery systems are described which utilize thermosetting polyoxyalkylene gels; the unique feature of these systems is that both the gel transition temperature and/or the rigidity of the gel can be modified by adjustment of the pH and/or the ionic strength, as well as by the concentration of the polymer.
Other patents disclosing pharmaceutical compositions which rely upon an aqueous gel composition as a vehicle for the application of the drug or cosmetic preparation are U.S. Pat. Nos. 4,883,660; 4,861,760; 4,810,503; 4,767,619; and 4,511,563.
While the prior art is silent with respect to the use of aqueous drug delivery vehicles which are isotonic to mammalian bodily fluids, osmotic drug delivery systems are disclosed in U.S. Pat. No. 4,439,196 which utilize a multi-chamber compartment for holding osmotic agents, adjuvants, enzymes, drugs, pro-drugs, pesticides, and the like. These materials are enclosed by semipermeable membranes so as to allow the fluids within the chambers to diffuse into the environment into which the osmotic drug delivery system is in contact. The drug delivery device can be sized for oral ingestion, implantation, rectal, vaginal, or ocular insertion for delivery of a drug or other beneficial substance. Since this drug delivery device relies on the permeability of the semipermeable membranes to control the rate of delivery of the drug, the drugs or other pharmaceutical preparations, by definition, are not isotonic with mammalian blood.1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates generally to strips of material which are folded over a cord and placed at the edge or seam of a piece of upholstery such as a slip cover, carpet or the like to reinforce and to decorate it.
2. Description of the Prior Art
As is well-known, phosporescent paints once they have been excited remain luminous with a soft, slowly decaying radiation. Such paints can generate a useful level of luminous flux for several hours when placed in the dark after having absorbed sunlight or artificial light of a suitable wavelength. Although they do not require continuous irradiation to maintain such levels, the initial, most intense luminescence can only be restored by once again exposing the paints to either a natural or an artificial light.
In the event of a blackout or other emergency in which the normal electric power supply is cut off, objects coated with phosphorescent paint will glow for extended periods of time, helping to demarcate walkways, exit doors and the like if they are so coated. Phosphorescent paints have also been employed for ornamentation; such applications include the once popular artifice of decorating wallpapers and lampshades with phosphorescent designs which, after the light is switched off, remain luminous for hours.
In phosphorescent paints, the luminescent material or phosphor, which is almost exclusively a zinc sulfide or alkaline earth sulfide, is formed of relatively large particles. Contrary to standard paint practice, which is to get the pigment ground as finely as possible, the phosphors in these paints are ordinarily reduced to grains of not less than about 0.1 mm diameter, corresponding to 200 mesh, since grinding the phosphor further decreases its luminous efficiency. Because of the coarseness of the grains, phosphorescent coatings on an exposed surface tend to flake off, requiring frequent replacement. Although in some cases this problem can be obviated by applying a transparent overcoat as soon as the surface is dry, the protective layer itself is easily eroded and must be repeatedly renewed. Moreover, protecting the paint with an overcoat is not always feasible and is especially difficult to achieve in the case of phosphorescent designs on carpets, upholstery and other flexible surfaces. When an overcoat is bonded to such surfaces, it tends to crack after they have been repeatedly flexed.
Not only must a phosphorescent coating be protected from erosion but also the phosphor in the paint must be shielded from the oxidizing action of the atmosphere and from moisture. An overcoat, if feasible, can do both, extending the lifetime of a coating by reducing the rate of oxidation of its phosphor and by keeping out water as well as by minimizing flaking. On the other hand, if no overcoat is provided, chemical attack by the atmosphere on the phosphor can result in a coating losing its capacity to phosphoresce in six to twelve months.Pitching or otherwise throwing a baseball involves a coordinated body movement culminating in straightening the elbow joint as the baseball is released from the hand. More specifically, pitching involves four general phases: wind-up, cocking, acceleration, and follow-through. The wind-up and cocking phases involve bending the elbow joint and rotating the shoulder backward in preparation for propelling the baseball in a forward direction. During acceleration, the shoulder rotates forward while simultaneously straightening the elbow joint in order to accelerate the baseball. Once the baseball has achieved sufficient velocity, the baseball is released from the hand and flies in the forward direction. The pitcher then follows-through on the pitch, which may involve further extension of the elbow joint.
During both the acceleration and follow-through phases, a relatively large extension and valgus load may be placed on the elbow joint. More particularly, valgus stress may be placed on the elbow joint during the acceleration phase. Tensile forces that result from the valgus stress may cause injury to the flexor musculature, injury to the medial collateral ligaments, avulsion fractures of the medial epicondyles, and traction spurs of the ulnar coronoid, for example. Compressive forces associated with the acceleration phase may also result in osteochondral fracture of the capitellum, osteochondritis dissecans, deformity of the radial head, lateral epicondylitiss, and lateral collateral ligament sprain, for example. During the follow-through phase of the throwing motion, the triceps muscle forcefully extends the elbow, which may develop tensile forces along the length of the muscle-tendon unit. These forces may result, for example, in olecranon avulsion fractures, triceps strains, olecranon spurs, and joint degeneration.
Although the specific motions necessary to properly throw a fastball, curveball, and knuckleball, for example, may vary significantly, repeatedly pitching a baseball during practice or competition induces stresses in the elbow joint. As the number of pitches increases during a particular game, practice session, or over the course of a season, the repeated application of stresses to the elbow joint may lead to overuse syndromes of the elbow joint.There has been entertained a communication system in which Av apparatus, such as a video tape recorder (VTR), a monitor or a tuner, are connected to a bus for exchanging digital video signals or digital audio signals.
FIG. 8 shows an example of such communication system, which is provided with a root node 21, a leaf node 22, a branch node 23, a leaf node 24 and a leaf node 25. Input/output ports between the nodes 21 and 22, also referred to as nodes 21-22, hereinafter the same, the nodes 21-23, the nodes 23-24 and the nodes 23-25, are connected by two sets of twist pair cables. The nodes 21 to 25 are the digital VTRs, tuners or personal computers, as discussed above, each having one or more input/output ports. Each node 21 to 25 has an amplifier and a relay enclosed therein. The communication system shown in FIG. 8 is equivalent to a communication system in which the nodes 21 to 25 are connected to a bus 26.
The structure shown in FIG. 8 is a hierarchical structure in which the nodes 22 and 23 are connected in the lower layer relative to the node 21 and the nodes 24 and 25 are connected in the lower layer relative to the node 23. In other words, the node 21 is a master node for the nodes 22 and 23, while the node 23 is a master node for the nodes 24 and 25. The sequence for determining such hierarchical structure is now explained.
If the nodes 21-22, 21-23, 23-24 and 23-25 are connected by cables, the node only one input/output port of which is connected to an other node notifies the node to which it is connected that the latter node is the master node. In the case of FIG. 8, the nodes 24 and 25 notify the node 23 of the fact that the node 23 is the master node, while the node 22 notifies the node 21 of the fact that the node 21 is the master node.
The node plural input/output nodes of which are connected to other nodes notifies a node other than the node which has notified the firstly-stated node that the firstly-stated node is the master node that such other node is the master node. In the case of FIG. 8, the node 23 notifies the node 21 that the node 21 is the master node, while the node 21 notifies the node 23 that the node 23 is the master node. Since in such case the nodes 21, 23 notify each other that the counterpart node is the master node, the node which has made such notification first becomes the master node. FIG. 8 shows a case in which the node 21 has become the master node.
The sequence of according an address to each node is explained. Basically, the node address is accorded by the master node permitting an address to be accorded to a slave node. If there are plural slave nodes, addresses are accorded in the order of the smaller port numbers to which the slave nodes are connected.
In FIG. 8, in which the node 22 is connected to a port #1 of the node 21 and the node 23 is connected to a port #2 of the node 22, the node 21 permits an address to be accorded to the node 22. The node 22 accords the address (i) to itself and transmits data indicating that the address (i) has been accorded to itself over a bus 26. The node 21 then permits the node 23 to set its own address. The node 23 permits an address to be accorded to the node 24 connected to its port #1. The node 24 accords the address (ii) to itself. The node 23 permits an address to be accorded to a node 25 connected to its port #2. The node 25 accords an address (iii) to itself. After having accorded addresses to its slave node 24 and slave node 25, the node 23 accords an address (iv) to itself. After having accorded addresses to its slave node 22 and slave node 23, the node 21 accords an address (v) to itself.
With the present communication system, it is possible to carry out synchronous communication or continuous communication at a constant data rate and asynchronous communication for transmitting control commands, for example, non-periodically, that is whenever the necessity arises.
With the present communication system, communication is carried out at a communication cycle having a pre-set period, such as 125 .mu.s, as shown in FIG. 10. The communication cycle starts with a cycle start packet csp, followed by a period for transmitting a packet for synchronous communication. By affixing channel numbers 1, 2, 3, . . . N to the respective packets for synchronous communication, plural synchronous communication cycles may be carried out. For example, if the channel 1 is allocated to the communication from the node 22 to the node 23, communication is carried out by the node 22 transmitting the packet for synchronous communication having the channel number 1 directly after the cycle start packet csp and by the node 23 monitoring the bus 26 and fetching the packet for synchronous communication having the channel number 1. Similarly, the communication from the node 24 to the node 21 can be accorded to the channel 2, while the packet of a channel can be received by plural nodes.
If plural synchronous communication cycles are carried out, it is attempted to transmit the packets for synchronous communication over plural channels directly after the cycle start packet cps. In such case, the packet of synchronous communication of a channel is first transmitted by arbitration means (such as CSMA/CD) as determined by the bus 26. The packets of synchronous communication of other channels are then transmitted sequentially.
After termination of transmission of the packets of synchronous communication of all of the channels, the time interval until the next cycle start packet csp is employed for asynchronous communication. To the packets for asynchronous communication (packets A and B in FIG. 10) are affixed addresses of the transmitting node and the receiving node. The respective nodes fetch the packets having the addresses proper to the nodes affixed thereto.
Since the details of the above-described communication system are publicized as "IEEE P1394 Serial Bus Design Statement, they are not explained herein specifically.
In order for the above-described communication system to operate correctly, it is necessary for the respective synchronous communication packets to have different channel numbers, while it is necessary for the sum total of the communication time of the synchronous communication packets of the respective channels not to exceed the period of the synchronous communication. To this end, it is necessary to check before the start of synchronous communication of a node that the communication capacity necessary for the communication is available on the bus and to have an un-used channel allocated for the communication if there is any residual communication capacity in the bus.
For supervising the communication capacity and the channel number employed for synchronous communication, it is commonplace practice that one of the nodes connected to a bus become a bus management node and to effect required management. In such case, other nodes indicate the communication capacity desired to be employed to the bus management node, using the asynchronous communication packet, and require channels to be allocated to them. The bus management node checks if the communication capacity in use added to the communication capacity newly requested does not exceed the maximum communication capacity of the bus. If the sum is not in excess of the maximum communication capacity of the bus, the bus management node notices the channel number and the effect of permission of synchronous communication. If the sum is in excess of the maximum communication capacity of the bus, the bus management node notices that the channel allocation is not permitted. After termination of the synchronous communication, the management node is notified of the channel number and the channel capacity which will not be in use.
Since the bus supervision is in need of complex processing operations, it is commonplace practice with the communication system centered about e.g., a personal computer to use the personal computer as a bus management node and to perform the processing operations using the software possessed by the personal computer. However, if this method is employed for the communication system between the AV apparatus, such as a digital VTR, tuner or a monitor, it becomes necessary to interconnect an apparatus having powerful data processing functions, such as personal computer, to the bus, in addition to the AV apparatus, thus raising the cost of the communication system.
In view of the above problem, it is an object of the present invention to provide a method for realizing facilitated management of a bus in a system for carrying out synchronous communication between plural nodes connected to the bus.Related Applications
This application is related to U.S. application Ser. No. 08/189,139, now abandoned, entitled "Dual Bus Concurrent Multi-Channel Direct Memory Access Controller and Method", and U.S. application Ser. No. 08/189,131, now abandoned, entitled "Direct Memory Access Channel Architecture and Method for Reception of Network Information", each of which is assigned to the assignee of the present application and filed concurrently herewith.Automotive vehicles include various door assemblies for allowing access to the vehicle, such as passenger doors allowing access to the passenger compartment. The vehicle doors typically include a mechanical latch assembly that latches the door in the closed position and is operable by a user to unlatch the door to allow the door to open. For example, a passenger may actuate a pivoting release mechanism by pulling on the mechanism to unlatch the vehicle door. The latch may be locked further with a door lock mechanism that typically is actuated with another input by the user.Organic Light Emitting Diode (OLED) display technology has advantages such as low energy consumption. However, The OLED has a short lifespan as luminance of the emitted light is frequently changed according to displayed contents in operation. For this, there is a technology combining OLED display and Liquid Crystal Display (LCD). In a display device of such display device, an OLED substrate is provided, which comprises a plurality of OLEDs configured to emit light of different colors, a LCD panel which comprises a plurality of sub-pixels configured to filter light is disposed outside of the OLED substrate, light emitted from the respective OLED is filtered by the sub-pixels so as to have a desired luminance and to perform display. In such a display device, the luminance is controlled by filtering light through the sub-pixels of the LCD panel. Thus, the luminance of light emitted from the OLEDs is not required to be changed frequently, and the lifespan of OLEDs will be elongated.
Obviously, in order for normal operation, both the OLED substrate and the LCD panel require a driving circuit for supplying driving signal (for example, gate scanning signals, data voltage signals, common voltage signals, and the like) thereto. Conventional driving circuits are integrated in a Driver IC which is disposed on a printed circuit board (PCB) and is electrically connected to the OLED substrate and the LCD panel through a flexible printed circuit (FPC).
Clearly, in such a display device, the OLED substrate and the LCD panel are respectively controlled by different driving circuits, and two different driver IC and two flexible printed circuits are required, thereby causing a large amount of elements, a complex structure and high cost.In recent years, non-volatile static random access memory has been widely used. Non-volatile static random access memory (nvSRAM) does not lose data stored therein, even when the power to the nvSRAM is interrupted.
A unit memory cell of an nvSRAM is described in U.S. Pat. No. 5,914,895. That unit memory cell includes a non-volatile circuit configured as a non-volatile memory element for maintaining non-volatile data. It also includes an SRAM configured as a volatile memory element for performing read and write operations of volatile data. FIG. 1 is a schematic equivalent circuit illustrating a unit memory cell 10 of the nvSRAM described in U.S. Pat. No. 5,914,895.
Referring to FIG. 1, the memory cell 10 includes an SRAM 12 and a pair of non-volatile memory circuits (hereinafter, referred to as NVM) 14. The SRAM 12 includes a pair of access transistors 30, 32 and a latch circuit 33. The latch circuit 33 includes two NMOS transistors and two PMOS transistors which are cross-coupled to each other.
A data true level signal and a data complement level signal are output to data nodes 20 and 22, respectively. The data nodes 20, 22 are located within the latch circuit 33. The data true level signal and the data complement level signal are opposite to each other.
The access transistor 30 is coupled between the data node 20 and a signal line BT. The access transistor 32 is coupled between the data node 22 and a signal line BC. The signal line BT is a bit line for the data true level. The signal line BC is a bit line for the data complement level. The bit lines BT and BC extend to all the stacked cells in a single vertical column in a memory cell array. Each vertical column of cells has a common pair of bit lines.
The access transistors 30, 32 are controlled by a signal applied to a signal line WL. The signal line WL is a word line connected in common to the gate terminals of the access transistors 30, 32 and to the gate terminals of all the other access transistors in all the stacked cells in a single low.
The NVM 14 is a circuit connected to each of the data nodes 20, 22 for storing data at the data nodes 20, 22 such that the stored data is not volatile.
The NVM 14 of FIG. 1 is configured as a pair of tri-gate transistors 41, 42 including recall transistors 41a and 42a, SONOS (silicon/oxide/nitride/oxide/silicon) transistors 41b and 42b, and pass transistors 41c and 42c. 
The SONOS transistors 41b, 42b, which are described in U.S. Pat. No. 5,914,895 and U.S. Pat. No. 6,770,950, have an ONO (oxide/nitride/oxide) structure. The SONOS transistors 41b, 42b store the data levels of the data nodes 20, 22 such that the data levels stored in the latch circuit 33 are not volatile. The data levels stored in the SONOS transistors 41b, 42b are removed when a control signal Vse is applied thereto.
The recall transistors 41a, 42a recall the data levels stored in the SONOS transistors 41b, 42b and write the data levels stored in the SONOS transistors 41b, 42b into the latch circuit 33 when a control signal Vrcl is applied to the recall transistors 41a, 42a. 
The pass transistors 41c, 42c read the state of the data true level signal and the complement level signal in the latch circuit 33, or write the data levels stored in the SONOS transistors 41b, 42b into the latch circuit 33 when a control signal Vpas is applied to the pass transistors 41c, 42c. 
The operation of the conventional nvSRAM 10 will now be described. When a power source is on and the nvSRAM operates normally, all of the voltages of the control signals Vrcl, Vpas and Vse are set to 0[V] so that all of the transistors of the tri-gate transistors 41, 42 are turned off. As a result, the SONOS transistors 41b and 42b are isolated from the latch circuit 33 and, thus, are not affected by state variations of the levels at the data nodes 20, 22 of the latch circuit 33.
However, when the power source is turned off, the nvSRAM 10 stores the levels at the data nodes 20, 22 of the latch circuit 33 in the SONOS transistor 41b, 42b, or erases the levels while passing through an erase mode and a program mode.
In the erase mode, a voltage of −10 to −15 [V] (depending on erase speed, erase time, the ONO structure, etc) is applied to the gate electrodes of the SONOS transistors 41b, 42b. Also, a voltage of 0 [V] is applied to the control signal line Vrcl and to the control signal line Vpas for a predetermined time. In general, the bias voltage is usually applied for less than 10 [msec] in the erase mode.
Under the bias conditions of the erase mode, the recall transistors 41a, 42a and the pass transistors 41c, 42c are held in an off state, and the SONOS transistors 41b, 42b are placed in an accumulation mode. Most of the electric field associated with the voltage applied to the gate electrodes of the SONOS transistors 41b, 42b is concentrated on the ONO layer.
As a result of the intensive electric field concentrated on the ONO layer, holes accumulated on a silicon substrate surface on which the gate electrodes of the SONOS transistors 41b, 42b are placed tunnel through the tunnel oxide film of the SONOS transistors 41b, 42b, and are trapped in traps which are present in the nitride film of the SONOS transistors 41b, 42b. Then, the electrons which have been trapped in the nitride films tunnel the tunnel oxide and escape into the silicon substrate, thereby resulting in erasure whereby a threshold voltage of the SONOS transistors 41b, 42b is lowered.
Next, in the program mode, a voltage of +10 to +15 [V] (depending on program speed, program time, the ONO stack structure, etc) is applied to the gate electrodes of the SONOS transistors 41b, 42b. Also, 0 [V] is applied to the control signal line Vrcl, and a voltage “H” (herein, “H” refers to a voltage representing a high logic state; typically 2.5 [V]) is applied to the control signal line Vpas for a predetermined time. In general, the bias voltage is usually applied for less than 10 [msec] in the program mode.
Under the bias conditions of the program mode, the recall transistors 41a, 42a are held in an off state, and accordingly, do not conduct current from the Vcc voltage. The conducting states of the pass transistors 41c, 42c are determined by the logic levels (“H” and “L”) stored in the data nodes 20, 22 of the latch circuit 33. For example, if we assume that a high voltage level “H” is stored in the data node 20 and a low voltage level “L” is stored in the data node 22, since a high level Vpas is applied to the gate electrode of the pass transistor 41c connected to the data node 20 and the data node 20 is connected to the source electrode of the pass transistor 41c, the voltage difference between the gate electrode and the source electrode becomes nearly 0 [V]. Accordingly, the pass transistor 41c does not conduct current. As a result, the silicon substrate below the gate electrode of the SONOS transistor 41b goes into a deep depletion state due to the positive voltage applied to the gate electrode of the SONOS transistor 41b. 
During this deep depletion, since the electric field caused by the positive voltage Vse applied to the gate electrode of the SONOS transistor 41b is mostly applied to a depletion region of the silicon substrate and, thus, is only slightly applied to the ONO layer, the program mode (where electrons tunnel the tunnel oxide film and are trapped into the traps of the nitride film) does not occur. This phenomenon is called a dynamic write inhibition (DWI).
Since this deep depletion occurs in a non-equilibrium state, it disappears over time as the non-equilibrium state turns to an equilibrium state. When the deep depletion condition disappears, DWI does not occur any longer. In other words, although programming is not conducted due to the DWI phenomenon occurring at the beginning of the program mode, programming is conducted as the DWI phenomenon disappears after a predetermined period of time elapses. The characteristic of the DWI phenomenon depends on the device structure. The DWI phenomenon typically lasts for 1 to 100 [msec].
On the other hand, since the voltage Vpas applied to the gate electrode of the pass transistor 42c has a high level “H, a low voltage level “L” is stored in the data node 22, and since the data node 22 is connected to the source electrode of the pass transistor 42c, a voltage difference between the gate electrode and the source electrode becomes nearly “H” [V]. Consequently, the pass transistor 42c is turned on.
As a result, the voltage applied to the silicon substrate below the gate electrode of the SONOS transistor 42b becomes nearly an “L” [V]. Thus, most of the program voltage applied to the gate electrode of the SONOS transistor 42b is applied to the ONO layer. Accordingly, electrons accumulated on the surface of the silicon substrate tunnel the tunnel oxide film, and the program mode is conducted to trap the electrons in the traps of the nitride film. The trapped electrons increase the threshold voltage of the SONOS transistor 42b. 
In other words, the SONOS transistor 41b maintains an erase state at the beginning of the program mode and, thus, has a low threshold voltage because the program mode is suppressed due to the DWI phenomenon. However, the SONOS transistor 42b has a high threshold voltage as the program mode is conducted.
When the power source is on, a recall mode for recalling data stored in the SONOS transistors 41b, 42b to the latch circuit 33 is performed. In the recall mode, a low voltage 0 [V] is applied to the control signal line Vse, and a high voltage “H” is applied to the control signal line Vrcl and to the control signal line Vpas.
Under the bias conditions of the recall mode, since the control signal line Vrcl and the control signal line Vpas are set to a logic high voltage “H”, the recall transistors 41a, 42a and the pass transistors 41c, 42c go into an on state. Since the SONOS transistor 41b is in an on state, current flows therethrough and the data node 20 goes into a logic high state “H”. Since the programmed SONOS transistor 42b is in an off state, it does not flow current therethrough and the data node 22 goes into a logic low state “L”.
Accordingly, even though a memory element configured by the nvSRAM is powered off while passing through the erase mode, the program mode and the recall mode, the data of SRAM can be securely stored in the NVM 14.
However, in an nvSRAM using conventional SONOS transistors 41b, 42b, due to the DWI phenomenon when data is stored, one data node is programmed and the other data node is not programmed depending on the states of the data nodes 20, 22 of the latch circuit 33. In such a selective program mode, it is important to improve the DWI characteristic and the programming speed.
However, it is very difficult to improve the DWI characteristic. Although programming time is prolonged when the selective program mode is conducted by a DWI mechanism, a threshold voltage window (i.e., a difference between a threshold voltage of a SONOS transistor to be programmed and a threshold voltage of a SONOS transistor in which the DWI phenomenon occurs) cannot be increased beyond a certain voltage.
In addition, since the thickness of the tunnel oxide film of the SONOS transistor is very small (typically about 20 Å), the retention characteristic of the SONOS transistor is very poor. Furthermore, since the programming speed of the SONOS transistor is relatively low, a significantly large capacitance is required to maintain a constant voltage required to store the data of the SRAM for a predetermined time when the power is off.
In the drawings and the following detailed description, the same or similar elements are denoted by the same reference.The epigenome directs the genome to execute gene expression programs required for normal life. It comprises two different components: the chromatin structure, and a pattern of DNA methylation1. A gene can be found in different epigenetic states resulting from differences in histone modification and DNA methylation. Epigenetic modifications play an important role during normal development by regulating gene expression through stable activation or silencing of differentiation-associated genes. Unlike genetic changes, epigenetic changes do not alter the primary DNA sequence and are therefore reversible.
Collas et al2 describe strategies for reprogramming somatic cells to pluripotency. More specifically, Collas describes how an extract of undifferentiated embryonic stem cells (ESC) can elicit pluripotency and differentiation plasticity in an otherwise more developmentally restricted cell type.
This procedure involves reversible permeabilization of a somatic cell, transient incubation of the permeabilized somatic cells with intracellular extracts of ESCs, and resealing of the somatic cells.
The reprogrammed ESC-like pluripotent cells may then be differentiated into a particular cell type, and then be used for treating a patient in need of that particular cell type.
Hendrix et al3 show methods for altering the behavior of metastatic melanoma by employing embryonic stem cell-preconditioned 3 dimensional matrices.
WO/2008/014426 discloses methods of isolating compounds from the microenvironment of ESCs and using these compounds to treat and/or prevent the growth and/or dissemination of aggressive tumor cells in a patient. More specifically, the invention relates to the administration to the patient of inhibitors of Nodal activity, including, but not limited to, those that are exclusively produced by human ESCs.
Such compounds may be isolated from a substrate or a matrix, such as MATRIGEL, that was conditioned by human ESCs. WO/2008/014426 also provides methods for contacting tumor cells with a matrix, such as MATRIGEL, that comprises human ESCs or a matrix that has been preconditioned by human ESCs.
Ingber D. E.4 raises the possibility of developing a tissue engineering approach to cancer therapy in which biologically-inspired materials that mimic the embryonic microenvironment are used to induce cancers to revert into normal tissues. It is further suggested that since physical factors may contribute to cancer formation, then biomaterials and scaffolds used for medical devices and tissue engineering applications could provide yet another modality for cancer therapy.
WO09/098698 discloses scaffolds prepared from cell extracts for use in conditions necessitating tissue/organ regeneration, repair or replacement.
Although many drugs are in use for cancer treatment, there is a desire for additional and more effective compositions and methods for cancer treatment and prevention. The present invention addresses this need.Gas turbine engines, such as turbofan gas turbine engines, may be used to power various types of vehicles and systems, such as, for example, aircraft. Typically, these engines include turbine blades (or airfoils) that are impinged by high-energy compressed air that causes a turbine of the engine to rotate at a high speed. Consequently, the blades are subjected to high heat and stress loadings which, over time, may reduce their structural integrity.
Modern aircraft jet engines have employed internal cooling systems in the blades to maintain the blade temperatures within acceptable limits. Typically, the blades are air cooled using, for example, bleed air from a compressor section of the engine. The air may enter near the blade root, and then flow through a cooling circuit formed in the turbine blade. The cooling circuit typically consists of a series of connected passages that form serpentine paths, which increase the cooling effectiveness by extending the length of the air flow path.
The internal cooling system is formed in the blade during its production. For example, if utilizing a lost wax casting process a ceramic core is produced which includes a pattern for the blade internal cooling circuit. The ceramic core is placed in a wax pattern die and wax is injected around the ceramic core to produce a wax pattern of the turbine blade. The wax pattern is dipped in ceramic slurry and dried forming a mold. The mold is then heated and the wax removed therefrom. Next, the mold is placed in a furnace, heated, and filled with a metal material to produce a turbine blade casting. Typically, the metal material is a nickel base superalloy. After the metal material solidifies and the blade is formed, the mold is removed from the blade outer surface and the internal ceramic core is chemically removed leaving internal cavities that form the cooling circuit of the turbine blade.
At times, for example, during research and development, the cooling circuit may need to be modified. Currently, modifications are made by changing the flow circuit pattern in the internal ceramic core die, and then using the modified core die to produce new ceramic cores, which are then used to produce new wax patterns and eventually new cast turbine blades. Although this process yields high quality blades, it suffers from certain drawbacks. Specifically, current modification processes are relatively expensive and extremely time-consuming, taking up to a year to perform. Consequently, schedules for research and development programs may be significantly delayed.
Attempts to overcome the above-mentioned drawbacks generally have not been successful. Most processes have utilized the blade outer surface features to approximate locations of particular internal core features, and modifications have been made based on those approximations. However, in some cases, the internal core floats around within the outer shell during blade production, and the locations of the particular internal flow features are not accurately identified based on the blade outer surface. Thus, because internal cooling circuit modifications need to be extremely precise, these processes have not yielded favorable results.
Hence, there is a need for a method for modifying an internal cooling circuit of a blade that is relatively simple and efficient to employ. Additionally, it is desirable that the method yield high quality blades. Moreover, it is desirable for the method to be relatively inexpensive to practice.Millions of users submit queries to search engines, provider websites, or merchant websites every day. Often the users are looking for information that is stored as structured data. Many merchants and providers store information about their products and services as structured data such as tables of attributes having various values associated with the products and services. Examples of structured data include product catalogs, travel databases about hotels, airlines or rental cars databases, and image databases.
While storing information as structured data may make it easier to use the data to populate webpages or catalogs or to generate reports, for example, the use of structured data may cause problems with respect to traditional keyword based methods for fulfilling queries. Typically, the language used by users posing queries is different from the representation used in the underlying structured data. For example, the query “brown sweater” may fail to match a product having structured data that includes the color “chestnut” using traditional text based or keyword based searching methods even though the product may in fact be relevant to the query.Treatments for chronic diseases often require repeated and prolonged access to the vascular system to, for example, provide therapeutic agents thereto and/or remove fluids therefrom. However, complications are associated with most of the various methods for providing this access.Mixing between a reference signal and a data signal is often necessary to extract information about an optical device or network. A probe signal and a reference signal originating from the same source typically mix or interfere, resulting in optical interference “fringes.” A positive fringe occurs when the light is in phase and constructively combines (interferes) to a greater intensity, and a negative fringe occurs when the light is 180 degrees out of phase and destructively combines (interferes) to cancel out the light. The fringe intensities can be detected and used to assess information about the device being probed. In interferometric sensing, a reference signal is mixed with a reflected probe signal whose phase and/or amplitude is modified by a parameter to be measured. The mixing produces an interference signal, and the amplitude of the interference signal depends on how efficiently the two optical signals mix.
Optical Frequency Domain Reflectometry (OFDR) may be used to provide data related to one or more optical characteristics (e.g., backscatter, dispersion, etc.) of a fiber or fiber optic device that is part of a fiber over relatively short fiber distances, e.g., less than several hundred meters, but with relatively high “spatial” resolutions, e.g., centimeters and less. High spatial resolution is valuable for many reasons. For example, it allows more precise location and/or determination of optical characteristic of “events” like fiber flaws, cracks, strains, temperature changes, etc. and devices like couplers, splitters, etc. High resolution also allows performing such operations with a level of precision that distinguishes between events or devices located close together. Without that high resolution, measurements for closely located events or devices cannot be made on an individual event or device level. For these and other reasons, it would be very desirable to apply OFDR to longer fibers in order to attain this high resolution along longer distances.
Unfortunately, there are two major unsolved obstacles to successfully applying OFDR to longer fibers. One is dynamic phase changes caused by time varying changes in the length of the fiber under test. One source of those time-varying changes is vibration. As a fiber vibrates, its length changes causing different time delays in the reflected light traversing those different fiber lengths. For OFDR to work well, the phase of the reflected light along the fiber should be static and not vary with time. If the time variance of the phase occurs slowly relative to the speed with which the interference pattern intensity data is acquired, then the phase changes are not a problem. But if the speed with which the interference pattern intensity data is detected/acquired is slower than the speed at which the phase changes, then the phase changes cannot be ignored.
The speed at which OFDR interference pattern intensity data is acquired is a function of how fast the tunable laser in the OFDR is “swept” over the frequency range of interest and the fiber length. There is a limit on how fast tunable lasers can be swept in terms of bandwidth, amplifier costs, increased power requirements, and processing speed. Regardless of laser sweep speeds, longer fibers require more time to acquire the measurement data, and there is much more of that data. That large amount of data is the second obstacle because there are practical constraints on how much data can be efficiently and cost effectively stored and processed.
To avoid these obstacles, the inventors discovered how to compensate for the time-varying phase caused by vibrations and any other cause so that laser sweep speed and data set size need not be increased. An optical device under test (DUT) is interferometrically measured. The DUT can include one or more of an optical fiber, an optical component, or an optical system. The DUT can be coupled to the measurement system (e.g., an OFDR) via optical fiber, via some other medium, or even via free space. First interference pattern data for the DUT is obtained for a first path to the DUT, and second interference pattern data is obtained for a second somewhat longer path to the DUT. Because of that longer length, the second interference pattern data is delayed in time from the first interference pattern data. A time varying component of the DUT interference pattern data is then identified from the first and second interference pattern data. The identified time varying component is used to modify the first or the second interference pattern data. One or more optical characteristics of the DUT is determined based on the modified interference pattern data. For example, if the DUT includes a fiber having a length greater than 500 meters, the modified interference pattern data may be used to determine one or more optical characteristics at any position along the fiber. Indeed, that position along the fiber may be determined with a resolution, for example, of one or two centimeters based on the modified interference pattern data.
The first and second interference pattern data each include static phase information and dynamic phase information. The time varying component includes the dynamic phase information. The first and second fringe interference pattern data is combined to substantially remove the static phase information. For example, the first or the second interference pattern data can be combined to remove the vibration-induced phase changes that adversely affect the interference pattern data obtained for the DUT.
A preferred, non-limiting, example is implemented as an Optical Frequency Domain Reflectometer (OFDR) to obtain the first interference pattern data and the second interference pattern data. Preferably, the first and second interference pattern data is compensated for non-linearity associated with a tunable laser used in the OFDR to obtain compensated first and second interference pattern data (compensated for the affect on the data due to non-linearities in the laser tuning). One example processing approach that can be used by the OFDR includes the following steps: transforming the first and second interference pattern data into the frequency domain, capturing a first window of frequency domain data for the first interference pattern data corresponding to a portion of the DUT under analysis, capturing a second window of frequency domain data for the second interference pattern data corresponding to the portion of the DUT under analysis, converting the first and second windows of frequency domain data into first and second corresponding phase data, and combining the first and second corresponding phase data.
Other aspects of this technology includes advantageous methods for processing interference pattern data generated by an interferometer. The interferometer provides a laser signal from a tunable laser along a given optical path having an associated path delay and to a reference optical path and combines light reflected from the given optical path and from the reference path, thereby generating the interference pattern data. (The given optical path may be, for example, associated with a device under test (DUT)). A first laser optical phase of the laser signal is estimated, and an expected complex response for the given optical path is calculated based on the estimated laser optical phase. The interference pattern data from the interferometer is multiplied by the expected complex response to generate a product. The product is filtered to extract interference pattern data associated with the given optical path from the interference pattern data generated by the interferometer.
In one non-limiting example implementation, calculating the expected complex response for the given optical path based on the estimated laser optical phase includes estimating a delayed version of the laser optical phase of the laser signal, determining a difference phase between the delayed version of the estimated laser optical phase and the estimated first laser optical phase, calculating the cosine of the difference phase to form the real part of the expected complex response, and calculating the sine of the difference phase to form the imaginary part of the expected complex response. This expected complex response is then multiplied by the interference pattern data. The real and imaginary parts of the resulting complex signals are low pass filtered and decimated to extract interference pattern data associated with the given optical path from the interference pattern data generated by the interferometer. Estimating the laser optical phase includes coupling a portion of the laser light to a second interferometer, converting an interference fringe or pattern signal from the second interferometer into a digital signal corresponding to the interference pattern data, the digital signal being a sampled form of the interference fringe signal, and estimating the laser phase based upon the digital signal.
A first derivative of the laser optical phase may be estimated based on the digital signal by Fourier transforming the digital signal, windowing the transformed signal to identify a portion of the transformed signal that corresponds to the given optical path delay, inverse Fourier transforming the windowed signal, and computing the phase of the signal. Equivalently, a second derivative of the laser optical phase may be estimated by identifying zero crossings of the digital signal and counting a number of samples between the zero crossings of the digital signal. Calculating an expected complex response for the given optical path based on the estimated laser optical phase may be accomplished by estimating a second derivative of the laser optical phase, calculating a running sum of the second derivative of the laser optical phase, where a length of the running sum is associated with a length of the given optical path delay, accumulating the running sum, calculating a sine of the accumulated sum to form the imaginary part of the expected complex response, and calculating a cosine of the accumulated sum to form the real part of the expected complex response. The real and imaginary parts of the expected complex response are low pass filtered and decimated to extract interference pattern data associated with the given optical path from the interference pattern data generated by the interferometer.Dementia is a syndrome that can be caused by a number of progressive disorders that affect memory, thinking, behavior and the ability to perform everyday activities. About 36 million people worldwide are suffering from dementia today. The number of people with dementia is projected to double by 2030, and more than triple to 115.4 million people by 2050. Alzheimer's disease (AD) is the most common type of dementia. Currently, one in nine people age 65 and older (11 percent) and nearly half of those over age 85 have Alzheimer's disease. According to Alzheimer's Disease International, current global costs of caring for these patients exceeds $600 billion annually. These costs are likely to rise even faster than the prevalence of disease, especially in the developing world, as more formal social care systems emerge, and rising incomes lead to higher opportunity costs (B. Winblad and L. Jonsson, World Alzheimer Report 2010).
The brains of AD patients have an abundance of two abnormal structures, amyloid plaques and neurofibrillary tangles. This is especially true in certain regions of the brain that are important in memory. There is also a substantial loss of neurons and synapses in the cerebral cortex and certain subcortical regions. Both neurofibrillary tangles and neuronal loss increase in parallel with the duration and severity of illness (T. Gomez-Isla et al., Ann. Neurol. 1997; 41:17-24) and neurofibrillary load has been shown to correlate with cognitive decline (H. Braak and E. Braak, Neurobiol. Aging 1997 July-August; 18(4):351-7).
Neurofibrillary tangles are intraneuronal lesions that are composed of hyperphosphorylated and insoluble accumulations of the microtubule-associated protein, tau. These accumulations are a histopathological feature of many neurodegenerative diseases, which are collectively known as tauopathies. Tauopathies include, e.g., Alzheimer's disease (AD), Pick's disease (PiD), progressive supranuclear palsy (PSP), corticobasal degeneration (CBD), and frontotemporal lobar degeneration (FTLD). In human tauopathies, pathology progresses from one brain region to another in disease-specific patterns (H. Braak and E. Braak, Neurobiol. Aging 1997 July-August; 18(4):351-7; Raj et al., Neuron. 2012; 73:1204-1215; Seeley et al., Neuron. 2009; 62:42-52; and Zhou et al. Neuron. 2012; 73:1216-1227), the underlying mechanism of which is not yet clear.
Tau pathology is involved in and may be a cause of many tauopathies. In its normal form, tau is a highly soluble microtubule-associated protein (Jeganathan et al., Biochemistry 2008, 47:10526-10539) that binds and promotes the assembly of microtubules (Drechsel et al., Mol. Biol. Cell. 1992, 3:1141-1154). However, in tauopathies, tau becomes hyperphosphorylated, causing detachment from microtubules, and ultimately accumulation as neurofibrillary tangles that are visualized within dystrophic neurites and cell bodies (Mandelkow and Mandelkow, Cold Spring Harbor, Perspect. Med. 2, 2012: a006247). The amount of tau pathology correlates with progressive neuronal dysfunction, synaptic loss, and functional decline in humans and transgenic mouse models (Arriagada et al., Neurology 1992 March; 42(3 Pt 1):631-9; Bancher et al., Neurosci. Lett. 1993, 162:179-182; Polydoro et al., J. Neuroscience 2009, 29:10741-10749; and Small and Duff, Neuron. 2008 Nov. 26; 60(4):534-42). While there have been no tau mutations observed in Alzheimer's disease, mutations in the tau gene appear to cause some forms of frontotemporal dementia (Cairns et al., Am. J. Pathol. 2007, 171:227-40), presenting with tau-positive inclusions and signifying that tau dysfunction is sufficient to cause neurodegeneration. Moreover, pathological tau appears to be an integral part of Aβ-induced neurotoxicity in cell culture and transgenic animal models (M. Rapoport, PNAS 2002, 99:9, 6364-6369; E. D. Roberson et al., Science 2007, 316:750-754; A. M. Nicholson and A. Ferreira, J. Neurosci. 2009, 29:4640-4651; H. Oakley, J. Neurosci. 2006, 26(40):10129-10140).
Passive and active immunizations against tau have been analyzed in mice using several different mouse models, including different phospho-tau peptides for active immunizations and anti-tau antibodies for passive immunotherapy (A. A. Asuni et al., J. Neurosci. 2007, 27(34):9115-9129; E. M. Sigurdsson, Curr. Alzheimer Res. 2009, 6(5):446-450; A. Boutajangout et al., J. Neurosci. 2010, 30(49):16559-16566; H. Rosenmann et al., Arch. Neurol. 2006, 63(10):1459-1467; M. Boimel et al., Exp. Neurol. 2010, 224(2):472-485). In the first report describing immunizations with a 30-amino acid phosphorylated tau peptide, an effect on the ratios of soluble and insoluble tau, reduction of tangle formation in the immunized mice, and functional benefits observed in behavior testing for these mice were shown (A. Boutajangout et al., J. Neuroscience 2010, 30:16559-16566). Passive immunization with well-characterized anti-tau antibodies, which react with phosphorylated Ser396 and Ser404 of the hyperphosphorylated tau protein at an early pathologic conformational epitope on tau, confirmed the results seen in active immunization studies. Mice treated with these antibodies showed marked reductions in tau pathology, which was measured by biochemical methods and histology, as well as a significant delay in loss of motor-function decline that was assessed in behavioral testing (A. Boutajangout et al., J. Neurochem. 2011, 118(4):658-667; X. Chai et al., J. Biol. Chem. 2011, 286(39):34457-34467).
Tau-based therapies have only been analyzed in mouse models to date. But in view of the severity of tauopathies in general, and to the cost to society of Alzheimer's disease specifically, there is an ongoing need for effective means to diagnose, monitor, prevent and treat tauopathies.In a semiconductor device manufacturing process, an etching process is performed to various semiconductor layers. As one of such semiconductor layers, a polycrystalline silicon layer may be used. When a polycrystalline silicon layer as an etching target layer is etched, generally, a mask made of silicon oxide is formed on the etching target layer, and an etching process is performed to the etching target layer with the mask. Such an etching method is described in, for example, Patent Document 1.
To be more specific, in the etching method described in Patent Document 1, a silicon oxide layer is formed on the etching target layer which is a polycrystalline silicon layer, and a resist mask is formed on the silicon oxide layer. Then, the silicon oxide layer is etched using the resist mask, and, thus, a mask made of silicon oxide is formed. Then, the resist mask is removed. Thereafter, the etching target layer is etched with plasma of an etchant gas with the mask made of silicon oxide.A variety of different techniques have been developed to increase the amount of processing resources that are available to a computing device. One such technique involves the use of multiple processors. For example, a single integrated circuit may be configured to include multiple processors (e.g., processor cores), thereby providing increased processing resources for a computing device that employs the integrated circuit. However, the use of multiple processors traditionally resulted in increased power consumption, which may make use of multiple processors less suitable in certain configurations.
For instance, a computing device may be configured for an office environment and therefore have access to an external power source. In another example, however, the computing device may be configured for mobile applications and therefore may not have ready access to an external power source. Consequently, a computing device configured for use in mobile applications may also incorporate a power source (e.g., a battery) that may be considered limited when compared to the external power source. For example, the amount of power that may be obtained from the battery by the processor and other resources of the computing device may be limited. Therefore, this limited power may make traditional multiprocessor techniques unsuitable for mobile applications.The present invention relates to an image shake correction device and an optical apparatus for correcting image shake caused during photographing by camera shake.
Recently, many types of optical apparatuses, such as a lens barrel and a camera, are provided with an image shake correction device for correcting image shake caused by camera shake. One of such an image correction device is configured such that a part of a lens system provided in a lens barrel is formed as a correction optical system, camera shake caused in the lens barrel during photographing is detected, and the correction optical system is driven and decentered to cancel the detected camera shake. However, such a correction optical system tends to be moved and decentered by an external force applied to the lens barrel, and in this case the correction optical system may be damaged by contacting or colliding with a fixed part of the lens barrel.
In order to prevent occurrence of such damage of the correction optical system, a locking mechanism for holding the correction optical system in a fixed state with respect to the fixed part is described, for example, in Japanese Patent Provisional Publications No. H10-26782A (hereafter, referred to as patent document 1) and No. H04-34514A (hereafter, referred to as patent document 2).A synthetic route that provides access to chlorin building blocks bearing substituents at the meso- and/or β-positions has recently been described (Strachan, et al. (2000) J. Org. Chem. 65:3160-3172; Balasubramanian, et al. (2000) J. Org. Chem. 65:7919-7929). In addition to selected patterns of functional group handles at the perimeter of the macrocycle, each chlorin bears a geminal dimethyl group to lock in the hydrogenation level yet lacks steric congestion or other unwanted fumctionality around the reduced ring. The synthesis involves the construction of an Eastern half and a Western half, which are joined to form the chlorin macrocycle in the final step (Scheme 1). This convergent coupling of the Eastern half and Western half is performed in a two-flask procedure involving acid-catalyzed condensation to give a dihydrobilene-α, followed by metal-mediated oxidative cyclization to give the chlorin. The Eastern half, a bromodipyrromethane-monocarbinol, is readily available by the acylation and bromination of a dipyrromethane at the 1- and 9-positions, respectively, followed by reduction. The Western half is a dihydrodipyrrin (1). The Western half has liminted stability and generally must be prepared from the stable nitro-hexanone pyrrole precursor and used within a few days. 
In our initial search for routes to a suitable Western half, we investigated the synthesis of a tetrahydrodipyrrin via an intermediate tetrahydrodipyrrin N-oxide (comprised of a pyrrole and a pyrroline N-oxide)(Strachan, et al. (2000) J. Org. Chem. 65:3160-3172). The formation of N-oxides by cyclization followed by deoxygenation affords a convenient entry to a number of heterocycles (Katritzky and Lagowski, Chemistry of the Heterocyclic N-Oxides, Academic Press: London and New York, 1971, pp. 166-231; Ochiai, E. Aromatic Amine Oxides, Elsevier: Amsterdam, 1967, pp. 184-209; Albini, A.; Pietra, S. Heterocyclic N-Oxides, CRC Press: Boca Raton, 1991, pp. 120-134). Indeed, pyrroline N-oxides played a central role throughout Todd's studies related to the synthesis of vitamin B12 (Bonnett, et al. (1959) J. Chem. Soc. 2094-2102; Bonnett et al. (1959) J. Chem. Soc. 2102-2104; Bonnett, et al. (1959) J. Chem. Soc. 2105-2108; Brown et al. (1959) J. Chem Soc. 2109-2116; Brown et al. (1959) J. Chem. Soc. 2116-2122; Clark, et al. (1959) J. Chem. Soc. 2123-2127; Bowering et al. (1963) Annalen 669:106-113; Brown, et al. (1965) J. Chem. Soc. 2337-2340; Brown et al. (1966) Tetrahedron, Suppl. 8, Part 1:15-26; Black, et al. (1976) J. Chem. Soc. Perkin Trans. I (18):1942-1943; Black, et al. (1976) J. Chem. Soc. Perkin Trans. I (18):1944-1950; Black, et al. (1976) J. Chem. Soc. Perkin Trans. I (18):1951-1954; Alderson et al. (1976) J. Chem. Soc. Perkin Trans. I (18):1955-1960). Battersby synthesized a tetrahydrodipyrrin N-oxide, converted it to the corresponding tetrahydrodipyrrin, and upon reaction with a 1-bromo-9-bromomethyldipyrrin in the presence of copper acetate obtained the copper chlorin in 6.9% yield (2.8 mg) (Battersby, et al. (1984) J. Chem. Soc. Perkin Trans. I (12):2725-2732). Though Battersby's pyrrole component was substituted with one ester and two alkyl groups, the route employed also proved suitable for our synthesis of a tetrahydrodipyrrin N-oxide incorporating an unsubstituted pyrrole unit (Strachan, et al. (2000) J. Org. Chem. 65:3160-3172). Thus, cyclization of a nitro-hexanone pyrrole (2) afforded the corresponding tetrahydrodipyrrin N-oxide (3), but we were unable to deoxygenate the cyclic nitrone and form the tetrahydrodipyrrin Western half (4) (Strachan, et al. (2000) J. Org. Chem. 65:3160-3172). We resorted to the cyclization of the nitro-hexanone pyrrole 2 with NaOMe/THF followed by TiCl3 in NH4OAc-buffered solution, forming the dihydrodipyrrin 1 directly (without isolating the N-oxide) in yields of 20-30% (Strachan, et al. (2000) J. Org. Chem. 65:3160-3172; Balasubramanian, et al. (2000) J. Org. Chem 65:7919-7929).In the construction of window and door assemblies, it is common to use insulated glass panel units of the general type disclosed in U.S. Pat. Nos. 5,003,747 and 6,675,537 which issued to or are owned by the assignee of the present invention. Usually, the insulated glass units include two parallel spaced rectangular glass panels having peripheral edge portions which receive a rectangular spacer frame. The edge portions and spacer frame are bonded and sealed together by a bonding compound such as a butyl rubber compound or a similar bonding material surrounding the spacer frame. The insulated glass panel unit is assembled into a surrounding rectangular sash frame and is retained by glazing members or beads. Preferably the sash frame and glazing beads are formed from extrusions of plastics material such as polyvinyl chloride (PVC). Such insulated glass panel units are commonly used in fixed window assemblies such as picture windows, single hung windows, sliding windows, bow and bay windows and sliding and swinging patio door assemblies such as disclosed, for example, in U.S. Pat. No. 6,318,036 which issued to the assignee of the present invention.
In insulated glass panel units as described above, it is common for the outer edges of the glass panels to be exposed and unprotected during handling and shipping or be covered by a thin layer of the bonding and sealing compound. When the outer edges of the glass panels are relatively unprotected, insulated glass panel units must be carefully handled and carefully protected during shipping. Also, when the edge surfaces of the glass panels are exposed, the personnel handling the insulated glass panel units need to wear gloves in order to avoid cutting their fingers or receiving glass splinters. It is also desirable for a fixed window assembly, such as a picture window assembly, to provide for conveniently removing the insulated glass panel unit in the event of glass breakage or damage or moisture seeps into the space between the glass panels and results in etching the inner surfaces of the glass panels.Stand-alone electronic cash registers including payment card readers and receipt printers have been used for years in stores, retail outlets and service outlets to facilitate the completion of cash, cheque, credit card or debit card transactions for the purchase of goods and/or services. With the advent of sophisticated and inexpensive computing equipment, input devices and secure communication networks, point-of-sale (POS) stations have, for the most part, replaced such stand-alone electronic cash registers.
POS stations typically include a host device and a plurality of peripherals connected to the host device. The host device is commonly in the form of a personal computer that executes a POS application. The peripherals often include a keyboard, a display screen, a cash drawer, a printing device, a payment card reader and a barcode reader. In some cases, a touch-sensitive display screen is used instead of separate keyboard and display screen peripherals. The POS application communicates with the peripherals via application program interfaces (APIs) to allow product and/or service transactions to be completed.
When payment is effected using a debit or credit card, the host device establishes a connection to the appropriate financial institution over an information network so that approval for the transaction may be obtained. Upon completion of any transaction, the host device signals the printing device causing the printing device to generate a transaction receipt and possibly a signing receipt, if payment is made using a credit card.
In larger stores, retail outlets and service outlets, POS stations are typically linked via a local area network and communicate with a backend computing device that maintains a database for transaction, inventory, accounting, sales, tax, etc. information. Transaction data received by each of the POS stations is conveyed to the backend computing device for storage in the database allowing all transaction data to be stored in a common location. Collectively storing all transaction data in one common location allows retailers to track, account for and maintain inventory, collected taxes and pricing information. Also, by linking the POS stations, updates relating to sales on products and/or services, tax, etc. can be communicated to each POS station over the local area network avoiding the need to update the POS stations one at a time.
Two initiatives to standardize the development of POS stations based on the UnifiedPOS standard have been developed, namely object linking and embedding POS (“OPOS”) and Java for Retail POS (“JavaPOS”). Java and all Java-based marks are a trademark or registered trademark of Oracle Corporation. These standards have enabled peripherals to be readily interchanged and easily integrated into POS stations allowing POS stations to be configured to meet changing needs. This of course has been a leading factor to POS station acceptance.
In JavaPOS environments, information relating to the configuration of peripherals is stored in one or more files, typically in XML format, that is separate from POS application run by the host device. Each configuration XML file contains information for all peripherals connected in a given configuration. The configuration XML file associated with the desired configuration is selected for use. To link the POS application and the configuration XML files, the POS application comprises a compressed Java archive (JAR) file that embodies a properties file storing pointers to the configuration XML files.
When a configuration XML file is deployed, i.e the selected configuration XML file is saved to a new location or a new configuration XML file that is to be used is saved, in order to update the pointer associated with the deployed configuration XML file, it has been necessary for a user to extract manually the compressed JAR file, locate and access the properties file therein and then update the appropriate pointer entry so that the pointer entry correctly points to the deployed configuration XML file. As will be appreciated, updating the pointer entry in this manner is cumbersome and time consuming.
Methods for enhancing the use of Java archive files and Java implemented applications, and improving file management are well documented in the art. For example, U.S. Pat. No. 6,571,389 to Spyker et al. discloses a method, system, and computer-readable code for improving the manageability and usability of a Java environment. A technique that combines the advantages of applets and applications while avoiding particular disadvantages of both is employed whereby all Java programs are executed without relying on the use of a browser to provide a run-time environment. Dependencies are specified in a manner that enables the Java programs to be dynamically located and installed, and in a manner that enables sharing dependent modules (including run-time environments) among applications. The dependency specification technique ensures that all dependent code will be automatically available at run-time, without requiring a user to perform manual installation. The run-time environment required for an application is specified, and a technique is provided for dynamically changing the run-time that will be used (including the ability to change run-times on a per-program basis), without requiring user intervention.
U.S. Patent Application Publication No. 2003/0225795 to Abdallah et al. discloses a mechanism for extending a Java archive file to include additional information that describes the contents of the archive file as update information. The mechanism comprises a program for determining differences between an initial file system tree and a final file system tree and for encoding the differences into entries in a Java archive file. An extractor class is included in the Java archive file and named as the main class. The Java archive file may be transported to a site that needs a file system update. The Java archive file may be executed in a Java runtime environment to update a target file system. The extractor class is executed to decode and effectuate the difference entries in the Java archive file.
U.S. Patent Application Publication No. 2004/0123285 to Berg et al. discloses application configurations, including applications themselves, application components, and modules associated with applications, which are installed on an application-server machine and stored in system-determined locations. The system-determined locations, or absolute paths, are then stored in a “loose configuration”. As new versions of applications, application components, and/or modules are installed, they are placed in unique locations and given unique version numbers. Records of each application configuration version are stored and are referred to as “snapshots”. These snapshots provide a record of, and pointers to, the various elements that make up the various application configuration versions, so that at any time, a current version of an application configuration can be “rolled back” to a previous version of an application configuration. The methodology can be utilized to provide a self-healing configuration, whereby a faulty version of an application configuration can be rolled back to a previous version automatically.
U.S. Patent Application Publication No. 2005/0021688 to Felts et al. discloses a system and method of configuring a domain. The method comprises providing a first user interface operable to configure the domain and a second user interface operable to configure a cluster. Configuration of the domain is based on a domain template.
U.S. Patent Application Publication No. 2005/0234987 to Cyphers discloses a method for updating values within the contents of a Java archive (JAR) file without altering the JAR file structure. A smart archive program (SAP) creates a temporary directory in memory and stores the JAR file structure in the memory. The SAP then extracts the JAR file content into the temporary directory and allows the user to update the field values within the JAR file content. When the user has finished updating the field values in the JAR file content, the SAP archives the JAR file content into a new JAR file according to the JAR file structure stored in the memory. Consequently, field values within the JAR file content can be updated without altering the JAR file structure.
U.S. Patent Application Publication No. 2005/0240902 to Bunker et al. discloses a system and method for an extendable application framework, comprising a user interface, at least one service, and at least one extension. At least one of the extensions provides access to functionality in the user interface and at least one of the services provides access to functionality in at least one of the extensions.
U.S. Patent Application Publication No. 2005/0278280 to Semerdzhiev et al. discloses a system for updating files in a computer system. The update system downloads files from a centralized database during a start up process. The start up process completes loading of all services and applications to be provided by the computer system and then initiates an update process. During the update process, open archive files are closed and may be replaced by downloaded files. File replacement is handled by an updated module without requiring the generation of scripts or code to be executed during a subsequent start up process in order to complete the update.
As will be appreciated, although the above references disclose Java management techniques, there exists a need for an improved method of dealing with POS peripheral configuration updates. It is therefore an object of the present invention to provide a novel configuration tool and method of updating an archive file property relating to at least one point-of-sale (POS) peripheral.In the past, coating compositions were commonly prepared by dissolving or dispersing film forming organic polymers in volatile organic compounds. Environmental and health concerns associated with applications involving large-scale vapor emissions have led to research in the development of coating compositions wherein the emission of volatile organic compounds is minimized.
Among the various methods of reducing the vapor emissions of coating compositions, the use of reactive diluents to replace all or part of the volatile organic solvent component of a coating composition is of particular interest. As used herein, the term "reactive diluent" refers to non volatile or nearly non volatile organic solvents or dispersants having as an integral part of their structures functional groups which are reactive with a film forming polymer and/or cross linking agent.
In addition to providing a low level of volatile emissions, a coating composition should have a sufficiently low viscosity to permit easy handling and application. Other desirable properties in a coating composition are sufficient stability to ensure a commercially acceptable shelf life and the ability to provide a cured coating having suitable properties such as toughness, adhesion, gloss, uniformity, impact resistance, abrasion resistance, scratch resistance, weatherability, and resistance to attack by solvents, acids, bases and other chemicals.
Coating compositions wherein all or a portion of the volatile organic solvent component thereof is replaced by a reactive diluent are illustrated by the following patents:
U.S. Pat. No. 4,417,022, to Chang et al. discloses coating compositions, the vehicle portion of which consists essentially of from about 60 percent to about 97 percent of a curable film-forming component and from about 3 percent to about 40 percent of an organic reactive diluent capable of chemically combining with the curable film forming component. Disclosed as reactive diluents are ethers having less than five ether groups, amides, esters, urethanes, ureas, sulfur containing compounds, and mixtures thereof which have one primary or secondary hydroxyl group. The reactive diluents disclosed by Chang et al. are further characterized as having a retained solids value of greater than about 80 percent, a hydroxyl equivalent of from about 180 to about 800, and a liguid viscosity of less than about 10 poise at 60.degree. C. Preferred reactive diluents disclosed by Chang et al. are ester containing reactive diluents, with ester containing reactive diluents having allyl side chains being most preferred. Coating compositions having ester-containing reactive diluents to produce cured coatings which lack desirable adhesion, hardness and/or weatherability.
As a further example, U.S. Pat. No. 4,520,167 to Blank et al. discloses a coating compsition comprising (a) a hydroxyalkyl carbamate of the formula: ##STR1## wherein n=0 or 1, R is a C.sub.1 to C.sub.20 organic moiety which may contain one or more constituents selected from the class consisting of hetero-atoms and hydroxyl groups, and each of R.sub.1, R.sub.2, and R.sub.3 is independently H or CH.sub.3 ; (b) an aminoplast cross-linker; and (c) a polymer containing active sites which at elevated temperature are reactive with the amide-aldehyde cross-linker (b). Blank et al. exemplifying as suitable reactive diluents compounds of the formula: ##STR2## Cured coatings formed from the coating compositions containing the reactive diluents exemplified by Blank et al. are, within a range of environmentally acceptable formulations, widely variable as regards the surface properties possessed by same.
Among the compounds which have been offered for use as reactive diluents in coating compositions are dicyclopentenyl oxyethyl ethyl methacrylates, modified caprolactones, and unsaturated melamines. In general, these compounds are poor solvents, have relatively high viscosities and/or produce cured coatings having undesirable chemical and/or physical properties.
A cured coating's toughness, adhesion, impact resistance, abrasion resistance, scratch resistance, weatherability and resistance to chemical attack depend to a large extent upon the film-forming polymer and reactive diluent components of the composition used to produce same. As disclosed in U.S. patent application Ser. No. 759,172 filed on July 26, 1985, and U.S. patent application Ser. No. 807,738 filed on Dec. 11, 1985, both in the name of K. L. Hoy, et al., coating compositions containing carbamate and urea derivatives as reactive diluents are found to provide cured coatings having desirable toughness and adhesion.
The ability of a coating composition to form a defect-free film depends in part on (a) the ability of a composition to cover or "wet" a substrate and (b) the rheology of composition flow during coating application and cure.
A coating composition's ability to "wet" a substrate is related to the degree of surface energy which exists between the coating composition and the substrate surface. As the industry has moved to higher solid content compositions to satisfy ecological considerations, the molecular weight, functionality and geometry of the coating polymers have been lowered, increased and altered, respectively, to minimize the viscosity of the polymer which is reguired for application of the composition contents. In doing so, the wetting of the substrate by the coating compositions has been degraded to the point where many coatings have marginal film forming properties. Indeed, molecules having a higher reactive polar functionality content (increased cohesive character) tend to associate with themselves rather than orient towards the substrate surface. In doing so they tend to pull away from the substrate surface, especially at points of substrate imperfection. The tendency of a coating to shrink away from a substrate surface results in various types of coating defects, a more severe form of which is termed "cratering". Cratering refers to a surface defect caused by a coating composition covering patches of a substrate surface very thinly and other areas of the substrate more thickly, giving rise to the appearance of gullies or "craters" in the finished coating.
In order to reduce the severity of surface defects caused by the inability of a composition to properly wet a surface, common practice is to provide a coating composition with one or more anti-cratering additives which, typically, are surfactants. Owing to its biphilic nature, a surfactant additive is effective in reducing the surface energy at coating substrate interfaces of high chemical potential, thereby improving the ability of the coating to wet a substrate surface. These materials, however, tend to exude and migrate to the substrate and surface of the coating during curing. In the extreme, they can cause loss of adhesion, film haze (loss of gloss), and loss of corrosion protection, all of which are serious defects in a coating system.
Flow properties of a coating composition depend to some extent on the composition's viscosity. Compositions having higher viscosities generally flow onto substrate surfaces less evenly than compositions having lower viscosities. Coating compositions having poor flow ability tend to produce cured coatings having uneven or irregular surfaces. Among the imperfections attributed to poor composition flow is a surface appearance which, as a result of its resemblance to the rind of an orange, is termed "orange peel". For several applications (e.g., automotive and appliance finishes), the loss of surface uniformity and gloss resulting from orange peel is deemed a commercially unacceptable surface defect. Coatings art teaches that the addition of a high boiling but volatile "reflow" or "tail" solvent will circumvent many of these undesirable flow properties. This formulation strategy provides for the applied coating to flow and level during the early part of a curing cycle before chain extension and cross linking reactions can take place. This practice does, however, contribute to the volatile emissions and in the case of polymer systems designed for high solids finishes, results in the surface defects previously decribed.
The optimum viscosity for a given coating application depends in part on the method by which the coating is applied. For example, low pressure spray applications may reguire the use of lower viscosity compositions than high pressure spray applications. As previously noted, reactive diluents oftentimes increase the viscosities of the coating compositions into which they are incorporated. Undesirably high composition viscosities are commonly reduced by volatile organic compound addition. Owing to the environmental constraints on volatile organic compound emission levels, reactive diluent containing compositions typically have relatively narrow formulation ranges.
Accordingly, it is an object of this invention to provide a high solids coating composition suitable for use in the production of cured coatings having commercially acceptable chemical and physical properties.
It is a further object of this invention to provide a high solids coating composition capable of providing cured coatings having optimum surface appearance.
Additionally, it is an object of this invention to provide a high solids coating composition which may be formulated over a relatively broad compositional range.A number of pneumatically or hydraulically operated impact tools have been designed for driving nails into metal/metal or metal/concrete workpieces, with the fasteners being fed from a spring-loaded magazine. As used herein, the term "nail" is intended to include various type of fastening pins that are designed to be driven into a workpiece. The term "workpiece" denotes a multi-layered arrangement of separate members that are to be fastened together by fastening pins, e.g., a corrugated steel decking plate overlying a framework (substrate) formed of interconnected beams, e.g., I-shaped or H-shaped beams or bar joists (2 L-shaped angle irons secured back to back). Such impact tools, often called "powered drivers" or "powered nail drivers" and exemplified by U.S. Pat. Nos. 4,253,598 4,227,637, 4,196,833, 4,040,554, 3,952,398, 3,711,008, 3,638,532 and 3278103 and the prior art cited therein, generally comprise a housing having a hammer guide track in the form of a bore along which a fastening pin driver element (also known as a "hammer") is reciprocated rapidly on command, and a side opening intersecting the guide track which functions as a fastening pin feed port, whereby a fastening pin may be introduced from a magazine into the guide track in the path of the driver element immediately after the driver element has completed a cycle of operation consisting of a drive stroke and a return stroke. While it is possible to load the magazine with loose fastening pins on a one by one basis, loading is facilitated if the fastening pins are pre-assembled in a plastic strip so as to form a clip which can be easily and rapidly inserted into the magazine, and the magazine is provided with a spring biased pusher element for advancing the clip along a guideway in the magazine through the fastening pin feed port into the hammer guide track.
Examples of clips of fasteners that have been used in powered nail-driving tools are disclosed in U.S. Pat. No. 3954176, issued on May 4, 1976 to Harry M. Haytayan, U.S. Pat. Nos. 4106618 and 4106619, both issued on Aug. 15, 1978 to Harry M. Haytayan; and U.S. Pat. No. 4106819, issued on Aug. 16, 1978 to Harry M. Haytayan; and the prior art cited in the aforementioned patents.
Prior to this invention, the preferred form of nail clip was one that comprised a plastic strip in the form of a row of interconnected sleeves, with a nail extending through and gripped by portions of each sleeve. Such plastic strips are arranged so that the leading sleeve may be sheared off from the remainder of the strip when the nail carried by that sleeve is driven by the hammer of the driver.
However, providing strips of nail-supporting sleeves that can be sheared off as intended without jamming the tool has presented problems. It is essential that the plastic strip be designed so as to avoid or minimize any tendency of the leading nail to tilt as it is introduced into the hammer guide track or while it is in the hammer guide track, since whenever a nail is not aligned with the axis of the guide track, there is an increased likelihood that such nail will jam the tool when the hammer commences its drive stroke.
Accordingly it is known that each sleeve should be sized so as to make a close sliding fit in the hammer guide track. Typically the guide track is a bore of circular cross-section and the sleeves have a generally cylindrical shape with a maximum outer diameter ("o.d.") about 0,010" less than the diameter of the hammer guide track. This requirement is particularly acute for nail clips where the plastic sleeves do not surround the nail shanks for their full lengths and are spaced from one another by interconnecting web sections.
Another known design technique for reducing the likelihood of jamming is to connect them with web sections that minimize the spacing or gap between adjacent sleeves but extend for substantially the full height of the sleeves, whereby the web sections are better able to keep the sleeves perpendicular to the longitudinal axis of the nail strip. Also the web sections are made thin to minimize the shear force required to separate the leading nail sleeve from the next nail sleeve. Typically the web sections have a length measured along the length of the strip of about 0.015 to 0.020" and a width (thickness) of about 0.035".
Another design guide rule to prevent tilting of the nail disposed in the hammer guide track is to make the strip of a relatively high density plastic. As used herein the term "high density plastic", e.g., high density polyethylene, means a material with a durometer value of at least 70 on the A scale. A strip of the type described made of a 70-80 durometer plastic provides a stiffness adequate to keep the leading nail straight in the hammer guide bore, thus minimizing jamming of the tool. However, using a high density plastic nail strip suffers from the handicap that the plastic sleeves do not squash as readily as they would if made of a low density material, so that often a substantial portion of the squashed sleeve will be trapped between the workpiece and the driven nail.
The stiffness of the nail strip is more critical in steel decking applications where metal deck fastening pins (nails) are required to penetrate a relatively thin steel decking, such as a 0.029" thick (22 gage) corrugated steel sheet, and anchor it to a steel substrate, e.g., to the flange of a bar joist as previously described, such flange typically having a thickness of 0,125" . If a plastic sleeve holding the decking pins is made of a relatively stiff material such as an 80 durometer polyethylene, when a decking pin is driven into the steel decking, the plastic sleeve surrounding that pin tends to act as a piston, deforming the decking and thereby transmitting a force that causes the substrate (bar joist) to (a) separate from the decking so as to leave a gap therebetween and/or (b) deform the substrate by bending and twisting the leg portion of the angle rods that make up the bar joists, and/or (c) preventing the pin from being driven fully into the substrate. In that particular circumstance, the plastic sleeve surrounding the driven nail may or may not completely disintegrate or squeeze out from between the nail head and the steel decking; but regardless of what happens to the squashed sleeve, the holding power of the pin is diminished, frequently enough to require application of another pin to assure that the decking is adequately secured to the substrate. In order to achieve maximum holding force, and thus transmit maximum shear strength to the deck complex, it is essential that the underside of the head of the pin (nail) be in full contact with the steel deck when the steel deck is fastened to the bar joist.
Making the strips of a relatively low density polyethylene, e.g., a 40-60 durometer polyethylene, allows the decking pins to be driven so as to achieve maximum holding power. However, the softer low density strips are plagued by the aforementioned tendency of the leading nail to tilt in the hammer guide bore, thereby increasing the likelihood of jamming. This tendency is increased when the tool is used outdoors in hot weather, since a thermoplastic material such as polyethylene will soften with increasing temperature, thereby decreasing the stiffness of the nail strip. In connection with the concern about softening of the nail strip due to increasing temperature, it is important to appreciate that the pushing force exerted on the nail clip by the clip pusher member of the magazine of a tool such as is shown in U.S. Pat. No. 4253598 tends to compress and hence deform the leading sleeve that is disposed in the hammer guide track, and, depending on the ambient temperature and how long the tool lays idle in the sun, the deformation can be sufficient to cause the nail carried by the leading sleeve to be misaligned in the hammer guide track bore, with the result that the tool will jam the next time it is operated.The present invention relates to catalyst components for the polymerization of olefins, to the catalysts obtained therefrom and to the use of said catalysts in the polymerization of olefins CH2xe2x95x90CHR in which R is hydrogen or a hydrocarbyl radical with 1-12 carbon atoms. In particular the present invention relates to catalyst components, suitable for the stereospecific polymerization of olefins, comprising Ti, Mg, halogen and an electron donor compound selected from heteroatom containing esters of malonic acids (heteroatom containing malonates). Said catalyst components when used in the polymerization of olefins, and ill particular of propylene, are capable to give polymers in high yields and with high isotactic index expressed in terms of high xylene insolubility.
The use of some esters of malonic acid as internal electron donors in catalysts for the polymerization of propylene is already known in the art.
In EP-A-45977 is disclosed the use of an ester of malonic acid (diethyl 2,2-diisobutylmalonate) as internal donor of a catalyst for the polymerization of olefins. EP-A-86473 discloses a catalyst for the polymerization of olefins comprising (a) an Al-alkyl compound, (b) an electron donor compound having certain reactivity features towards MgCl2 and (c) a solid catalyst component comprising, supported on MgCl2 a Ti halide and an electron donor selected from many classes of ester compounds including malonates. None of the above-cited applications discloses malonates containing heteroatoms. The same applies to EP-A-86644 that discloses the use of diethyl 2-n-butyl malonate and diethyl 2-isopropylmalonate as internal donors in Mg-supported catalysts for the polymerization of propylene.
It is apparent from the analysis of the polymerization results reported in the above-mentioned applications that a common drawback experienced in the use of the mentioned malonates was represented by a still unsatisfactory polymerization yield and/or a not suitable isotactic index of the final polymer. This is confirmed also by the disclosure of JP-08157521. This application relates to a process for preparing a solid catalyst component for polymerization of olefins which is characterized by contacting a solid catalyst component produced by the reaction among a magnesium compound, a titanium compound and an halogen compound, with one or more electron donating compounds represented by the general formula: 
wherein Rc and Rd are, the same or different, a straight-chain or branched-chain hydrocarbon group having 1-10 carbon atoms, and Ra and Rb are the same or different, a saturated or cyclic saturated hydrocarbon group containing one or more secondary or tertiary carbons and having 3-20 carbon atoms. Although an improvement in terms of yields and isotactic index over the previously cited documents is obtained, the results are still not satisfactory for an economical use of the catalyst components disclosed therein.
It has now surprisingly been found that the polymerization yields and the isotactic index of the polymer can be improved by using catalyst components comprising heteroatom containing malonates as internal donors.
It is therefore an object of the present invention to provide a solid catalyst component for the polymerization of olefins CH2xe2x95x90CHR in which R is hydrogen or a hydrocarbon radical with 1-12 carbon atoms, comprising Mg, Ti, halogen and an heteroatom containing malonate.
The term heteroatom means any atom, different from C and H, in addition to the oxygen atoms deriving from the malonic acid.
In particular, the electron donor compounds can be selected from esters of malonic acids of formula (I): 
wherein R1 and R2 equal to or different from each other, are H or a C1-C20 linear or branched alkyl, alkenyl, cycloalkyl, aryl, arylalkyl or alkylaryl group and said R1 and R2 can also be joined to form a cyclic group; R3 and R4 are independently selected from C1-C20 linear or branched alkyl, alkenyl, cycloalkyl, aryl, arylalkyl or alkylaryl group and R3 and R4 can also be joined to form a cyclic group; with the proviso that at least one of the R1 to R4 groups contains at least one heteroatom selected from the group consisting of halogens, N, O, Si, Ge, P, and S.
The heteroatoms, are preferably selected from the group consisting of F, Cl, Br, and Si, and, in a preferred embodiment, they are contained in the R1 or R2 groups.
Preferably, R3 and R4 are primary alkyl, arylalkyl or alkylaryl groups having from 2 to 8 carbon atoms which may contain heteroatoms. More preferably, they are primary branched alkyl groups optionally containing heteroatoms. Examples of suitable R3 and R4 groups not containing heteroatoms are methyl, ethyl, n-propyl, n-butyl, isobutyl, neopentyl, 2-ethylhexyl. Examples of suitable R3 and R4 groups containing heteroatoms are 2-chloroethyl, 1-trifluoromethylethyl, 2-trifluoromethylpropyl 2-trimethylsilylethyl, 2-bromoethyl, 2-trifluoromethylpropyl, 4-chlorobenzyl, 2-fluoroethyl, 3-trimethylsilylallyl.
R2 is preferably, and particularly when R1 is H, a linear or branched C3-C20 alkyl, cycloalkyl, arylalkyl group; more preferably R2 is a C3-C20 secondary alkyl, cycloalkyl, or arylalkyl. Particularly preferred are also compounds of formula (I) in which R1 is H and R2 is a C5-C20 primary linear or branched alkyl, a C5-C20 cycloalkyl, a C7-C20 arylalkyl or alkylaryl group. Preferably R2 contains at least one heteroatom. Specific examples of suitable monosubstituted malonate compounds are diethyl 2-(1-trifluoromethylethyl)malonate, diethyl 2-(1-trifluoromethylethylidene)malonate, bis(2-chloroethyl) 2-isopropylmalonate, diethyl 2-(trimethylsilylmethyl)malonate, diethyl 2-p-chlorobenzylmalonate, diethyl 2-piperidyl malonate, diethyl 2-(2-ethylpiperidyl)malonate, diethyl 2-(1-trifluoromethyl-1-methylethyl)malonate, diethyl 2-xcex1-phenyl-p-(trifluoromethyl)benzyl malonate, bis(2-fluoroethyl) 2-isopropylmalonate, bis(2-fluoroethyl) 2-ethylmalonate.
Among disubstituted malonates preferred compounds are those in which at least one of R1 and R2 is a primary C3-C20 alkyl, cycloalkyl, arylalkyl group.
Specific examples of suitable disubstituted malonate compounds are: diethyl-2(1-trifluoromethylethyl)-2-benzylmalonate, diethyl 2-(1-trifluoromethylethyl)-2-methylmalonate, diethyl 2-methyltrimethylsilyl-2-methylmalonate, diethyl 2-p-chlorobenzyl-2-isopropylmalonate, diethyl 2-piperidyl-2-methylmalonate, diethyl 2-(1-trifluoromethyl-1-methylethyl)-2-methylmalonate, bis(2-trimethylsilylethyl) 2-isopropyl-2-isobutylmalonate bis(p-chlorobenzyl) 2-cyclohexyl-2-methylmalonate.
It has been surprisingly found that catalyst components in which the internal donor is a heteroatom containing malonate perform better, in term of yields and isotactic index, than catalyst components comprising analogous malonates not containing heteroatoms.
As explained above, catalyst components according to the invention comprise, in addition to the above electron donor, Ti, Mg and halogen. In particular, the catalyst component comprises a titanium compound, having at least a Ti-halogen bond and the above mentioned electron donor compound supported on a Mg halide. The magnesium halide is preferably MgCl2 in active form which is widely known from the patent literature as a support for Ziegler-Natta catalysts. Patents U.S. Pat. No. 4,295,718 and U.S. Pat. No. 4,495,3,538 were the first to describe the use of these compounds in Ziegler-Natta catalysis. It is known from these patents that the magnesium dihalides in active form used as support or co-support in components of catalysts for the polymerization of olefins are characterized by X-ray spectra in which the most intense diffraction line that appears in the spectrum of the non-active halide is diminished in intensity and is replaced by a halo whose maximum intensity is displaced towards lower angles relative to that of the more intense line.
The preferred titanium compounds used in the catalyst component of the present invention are TiCl4 and TiCl3; furthermore, also Ti-haloalcoholates of formula Ti(OR)nxe2x88x92yXy, where n is the valence of titanium and y is a number between 1 and n, can be used.
The preparation of the solid catalyst component can be carried out according to several methods.
According to one of these methods, the magnesium dichloride in an anhydrous state and the heteroatom containing malonate are milled together under conditions in which activation of the magnesium dichloride occurs. The so obtained product can be treated one or more times with an excess of TiCl4 at a temperature between 80 and 135xc2x0 C. This treatment is followed by washings with hydrocarbon solvents until chloride ions disappear. According to a further method, the product obtained by co-milling the magnesium chloride in an anhydrous state, the titanium compound and the heteroatom containing malonate is treated with halogenated hydrocarbons such as 1,2-dichloroethane, chlorobenzene, dichloromethane etc. The treatment is carried out for a time between 1 and 4 hours and at temperature of from 40xc2x0 C. to the boiling point of the halogenated hydrocarbon. The product obtained is then generally washed with inert hydrocarbon solvents such as hexane.
According to another method, magnesium dichloride is preactivated according to well known methods and then treated with an excess of TiCl4 at a temperature of about 80 to 135xc2x0 C. which contains, in solution, a heteroatom containing malonate. The treatment with TiCl4 is repeated and the solid is washed with hexane in order to eliminate any non-reacted TiCl4.
A further method comprises the reaction between magnesium alcoholates or chloroalcoholates (in particular chloroalcoholatcs prepared according to U.S. Pat. No. 4,220,554) and an excess of TiCl4 comprising the heteroatom containing malonate in solution at a temperature of about 80 to 120xc2x0 C.
According to a preferred method, the solid catalyst component can be prepared by reacting a titanium compound of formula Ti(OR)nxe2x88x92yXy, where n is the valence of titanium and y is a number between 1 and n, preferably TiCl4, with a magnesium chloride deriving from an adduct of formula MgCl2. pROH, where p is a number between 0.1 and 6 and R is a hydrocarbon radical having 1-18 carbon atoms. The adduct can be suitably prepared in spherical form by mixing alcohol and magnesium chloride in the presence of an inert hydrocarbon immiscible with the adduct, operating under stirring conditions at the melting temperature of the adduct (100-130xc2x0 C.). Then, the emulsion is quickly quenched, thereby causing the solidification of the adduct in form of spherical particles. Examples of spherical adducts prepared according to this procedure are described in U.S. Pat. No. 4,399,054 and U.S. Pat. No. 4,469,648. The so obtained adduct can be directly reacted with the Ti compound or it can be previously subjected to thermal controlled dealcoholation (80-130xc2x0 C.) so as to obtain an adduct in which the number of moles of alcohol is generally lower than 3 preferably between 0.1 and 2.5. The reaction with the Ti compound can be carried out by suspending the adduct (dealcoholated or as such) in cold TiCl4 (generally 0xc2x0 C.); the mixture is heated up to 80-130xc2x0 C. and kept at this temperature for 5-2 hours. The treatment with TiCl4 can be carried out one or more times. The heteroatom containing malonate can be added during the treatment with TiCl4. The treatment with the electron donor compound can be repeated one or more times.
The preparation of catalyst components in spherical form is described for example in European Patent Applications EP-A-395083, EP-A-553805, EP-A-553806, EP-A-601525 and WO98/44001.
The solid catalyst components obtained according to the above method show a surface area (by B.E.T. method) generally between 20 and 500 m2/g and preferably between 50 and 400 m2/g, and a total porosity (by B.E.T. method) higher than 0.2 cm3/g preferably between 0.2 and 0.6 cm3/g. The porosity (Hg method) due to pores with radius up to 10.000 xc3x85 generally ranges from 0.3 to 1.5 cm3/g, preferably from 0.45 to 1 cm3/g.
A further method to prepare the solid catalyst component of the invention comprises halogenating magnesium dihydrocarbyloxide compounds, such as magnesium dialkoxide or diaryloxide, with solution of TiCl4 in aromatic hydrocarbon (such as toluene, xylene etc.) at temperatures between 80 and 130xc2x0 C. The treatment with TiCl4 in aromatic hydrocarbon solution can be repeated one or more times, and the heteroatom containing malonate is added during one or more of these treatments.
In any of these preparation methods the desired heteroatom containing malonate can be added as such or, in an alternative way, it can be obtained in situ by using an appropriate precursor capable to be transformed in the desired electron donor compound by means, for example, of known chemical reactions such as esterification, transesterification etc. Generally, the heteroatom containing malonate is used in molar ratio with respect to the MgCl2 of from 0.01 to 1 preferably from 0.05 to 0.5.
The solid catalyst component according to the present invention are converted into catalysts for the polymerization of olefins by reacting them with organoaluminum compounds according to known methods.
In particular, it is an object of the present invention a catalyst for the polymerization of olefins CH2xe2x95x90CHR, in which R is hydrogen or a hydrocarbyl radical with 1-12 carbon atoms, comprising the product of the reaction between:
(a) a solid catalyst component comprising a Mg, Ti and halogen as essential elements and an heteroatom containing ester of malonic acids;
(b) an alkylaluminum compound and, optionally,
(c) one or more electron-donor compounds (external donor).
The alkyl-Al compound (b) is preferably selected from the trialkyl aluminum compounds such as for example triethylaluminum, triisobutylaluminum, tri-n-butylaluminum, tri-n-hexylaluminum, tri-n-octylaluminum. It is also possible to use mixtures of trialkylaluminum""s with alkylaluminum halides, alkylaluminum hydrides or alkylaluminum sesquichlorides such as AlEt2Cl and Al2Et3Cl3.
The external donor (c) can be of the same type or it can be different from the heteroatom containing malonate. Suitable external electron-donor compounds include silicon compounds, ethers, esters such as ethyl 4-ethoxybenzoate, amines, heterocyclic compounds and particularly 2,2,6,6-tetramethyl piperidine, ketones and the 1,3-diethers of the general formula (II): 
wherein RI, RII, RIII, RIV, RV and RVI equal or different to each other, are hydrogen or hydrocarbon radicals having from 1 to 18 carbon atoms, and RVII and RVIII, equal or different from each other, have the same meaning of RI-RVI except that they cannot be hydrogen; one or more of the RI-RVIII groups can be linked to form a cyclic group. Particularly preferred are the 1,3-diethers in which RVII and RVIII are selected from C1-C4 alkyl radicals.
Another class of preferred external donor compounds is that of silicon compounds of formula Ra5Rb6Si(OR7)c, where a and b are integer from 0 to 2, c is an integer from 1 to 3 and the sum (a+b+c) is 4; R5, R6, and R7, are alkyl, cycloalkyl or aryl radicals with 1-18 carbon atoms optionally containing heteroatoms. Particularly preferred are the silicon compounds in which a is 1, b is 1, c is 2, at least one of R5 and R6 is selected from branched alkyl, cycloalkyl or aryl groups with 3-10 carbon atoms optionally containing heteroatoms and R7 is a C1-C10 alkyl group, in particular methyl. Examples of such preferred silicon compounds are methylcyclohexyldimethoxysilane, diphenyldimethoxysilane, methyl-t-butyldimethoxysilane, dicyclopentyldimethoxysilane, 2-ethylpiperidinyl-2-t-butyldimethoxysilane and 1,1,1, trifluoropropyl-2-ethylpiperidinyl-dimethoxysilane. Moreover, are also preferred the silicon compounds in which a is 0, c is 3, R6 is a branched alkyl or cycloalkyl group, optionally containing heteroatoms, and R7 is methyl. Examples of such preferred silicon compounds are cyclohexyltrimethoxysilane, t-butyltrimethoxysilane and thexyltrimethoxysilane.
The electron donor compound (c) is used in such an amount to give a molar ratio between the organoaluminum compound and said electron donor compound (c) of from 0.1 to 500, preferably from 1 to 300 and more preferably from 3 to 100. As previously indicated, when used in the (co)polymerization of olefins, and in particular of propylene, the catalysts of the invention allow to obtain, with high yields, polymers having a high isotactic index (expressed by hitch xylene insolubility X.I.), thus showing an excellent balance of properties. This is particularly surprising in view of the fact that, as it can be seen from the comparative examples here below reported, the use as internal electron donors of malonate compounds not containing heteroatoms gives worse results in term of yields and/or xylene insolubility.
Therefore, it constitutes a further object of the present invention a process for the (co)polymerization of olefins CH2xe2x95x90CHR, in which R is hydrogen or a hydrocarbyl radical with 1-12 carbon atoms, carried out in the presence of a catalyst comprising the product of the reaction between:
(a) a solid catalyst component comprising a Mg, Ti, halogen arid a heteroatom containing malonate,
(b) an alkylaluminum compound and, optionally,
(c) one or more electron-donor compounds (external donor).
Said polymerization process can be carried out according to known techniques for example slurry polymerization using as diluent an inert hydrocarbon solvent, or bulk polymerization using the liquid monomer (for example propylene) as a reaction medium. Moreover, it is possible to carry out the polymerization process in the gas-phase operating in one or more fluidized or mechanically agitated bed reactors.
The polymerization is generally carried out at temperature of from 20 to 120xc2x0 C., preferably of from 40 to 80xc2x0 C. When the polymerization is carried out in the gas-phase the operating pressure is generally between 0.5 and 10 MPa, preferably between 1 and 5 MPa. In the bulk polymerization the operating pressure is generally between 1 and 6 MPa preferably between 1.5 and 4 MPa. Hydrogen or other compounds capable to act as chain transfer agents can be used to control the molecular weight of polymer.In manufacturing semiconductor devices such as LSI and super-LSI or in manufacturing a liquid crystal display board or the like, a pattern is made by irradiating a light to a semiconductor wafer or an original plate for liquid crystal, but if a dust particle is attached to a photo mask or a reticle (hereinafter collectively referred to as “photo mask” for simplicity) which is used during the irradiation operation, the dust particle would block off or reflect the light so that the resulting pattern would have roughened edges or black stains on the base, which would lead to problems such as damaged dimensions, poor quality, and deformed external appearance.
Thus, these works are usually performed in a cleanroom, but it is still not easy to keep the photo mask clean all the time; therefore, a pellicle is attached to a surface of the photo mask as a dust-fender before light exposure is carried out. Under such circumstances, dust particles do not directly adhere to the surface of the photo mask but adhere only to the pellicle film, and since this film is sufficiently remote from the photo mask surface if the photo focus is set on a lithography pattern on the photo mask, the foreign particles on the pellicle film fail to transfer their shadows on the photo mask and thus no longer become a cause for problems to the image transfer performance.
In general, a pellicle is made by adhering a transparent pellicle film, which is made of a highly light transmitting material such as cellulose nitrate, cellulose acetate, fluorine-containing polymer and the like, to an upper annular end face of a pellicle frame made of aluminum, stainless steel, polyethylene or the like, using as the glue either a solvent capable of dissolving the pellicle film, which is applied to said upper annular end face (hereinafter this face is called “upper end face”) and then air-dried before receiving the film (ref. IP Publication 1), or an adhesive such as acrylic resin, epoxy resin or the like (ref. IP Publication 2). Further the other annular end face (hereinafter called “lower end face”) of the pellicle frame is covered with an agglutinant layer made of polybutene resin, polyvinyl acetate resin, acrylic resin, silicone resin or the like for attaching the pellicle frame to the photo mask, and over this agglutinant layer is laid a release liner (separator) to protect the agglutinant layer.
Now, in recent years, the semiconductor devices and the liquid display board have undergone further improvement in integration and densification. Currently, a technology of forming a fine pattern having a resolution level of 32 nm on a photo resist film is on the verge of realization. Such patterning can be effectively achieved by improved technologies such as the immersion exposure method, wherein the space between the semiconductor wafer or the original plate for liquid crystal on one hand and the projection lenses on the other is filled with a liquid such as super pure water and the photo resist film is exposed to an argon fluoride (ArF) eximer laser, or the double exposure method, which uses a conventional argon fluoride (ArF) eximer lasar, to which the photo resist film is exposed.
However, the next-generation semiconductor devices and the liquid display board are called on to have even denser patterning of a level of 10 nm or smaller, and there is scarce room for the conventional exposure technology depending on excimer laser to improve to answer such high demand of making a dense pattern of the level of 10 nm or smaller.
Now, as a most promising method for forming a pattern of a density of 10 nm or smaller, an EUV exposure technology which uses an EUV light of a dominant wavelength of 13.5 mm is in the spotlight. In order to achieve a pattern formation on the density level of as high as 10 nm or smaller on the photo resist film, it is necessary to solve the technical problems with regard to the choices of light source, photo mask, pellicle, etc., and in respect of light source and photo mask there have been considerable progress and various porposals have been made.
With respect to the pellicle that could improve yields of semiconductor device products or liquid crystal displays, IP Publication 3, for example, discloses a silicon film of a thickness of 0.1-2.0 micrometers to act as the pellcile film for EUV lithography which is transparent and does not give rise to optical distortion; however there remain unsolved problems in this film, which have prevented realization of the EUV light exposure technology.The access gateway allows particularly equipment or devices located on a customer site to access a wide area communication network WAN (for “wide area network”), such as the Internet network. These devices are also called CPEs, for “customer premises equipment”. For a local area network, they are particularly the access gateway, a TV decoder “set-top box” and a mobile terminal. Within the context of a home automation network, they are also household appliances, alarm systems and sensors.
In order to guarantee quality services, it is preferable for an operator of the wide area communication network to be able to manage such devices remotely.
Remote management of the devices particularly requires:                detection and knowledge of the devices that are present in the local area network, for example their serial numbers, their hardware and software versions;        supervision of these devices, for example by obtaining supervision information and performance indicators.        
Remote management of the devices of a local area network is reliant on a technical report drafted by the Broadband Forum, TR-069 “CPE WAN Management Protocol”. This technical report defines a CWMP protocol, allowing communication between a piece of administrative equipment, called remote auto-configuration equipment ACS (for “auto-configuration server”), and a device of the local area network. The CWMP protocol defines a mechanism that allows, in particular, secure auto-configuration of the equipment of the local area network and other functions for managing these devices.
It is particularly possible for the operator of the network to make remote interventions, such as:                updating the software or the firmware of a device when the software version or the firmware needs to move on;        making a diagnosis when a device has a malfunction;        dynamically installing and configuring new services;        monitoring the state and the performance of a device.        
The CWMP protocol is reliant on the Internet protocol, more precisely on TCP/IP (for “transmission control protocol”). The data allowing remote management of the devices of the network, for example data for assisting in diagnosis, are transmitted by each device to the administrative equipment by means of the CWMP protocol. When access to the wide area communication network WAN is no longer possible via the access gateway, it is then impossible to make contact with the administrative equipment in order to transmit data for assisting in diagnosis to it.
Consequently, it is impossible for a customer support advisor of the operator to automatically retrieve the data for assisting in diagnosis when the access gateway no longer allows access to the wide area communication network. The advisor therefore has to question the customer orally in order to be able to establish a technical diagnosis, making this work difficult and not very reliable.Shock absorbers are used in conjunction with automotive suspension systems and other suspension systems to absorb unwanted vibrations which occur during movement of the suspension system. In order to absorb these unwanted vibrations, automotive shock absorbers are generally connected between the sprung (body) and the unsprung (suspension/chassis) masses of the vehicle.
The most common type of shock absorbers for automobiles is the dashpot type which can be either a mono-tube design or a dual-tube design. In the mono-tube design, a piston is located within a pressure tube and is connected to the spring mass of the vehicle through a piston rod. The pressure tube is connected to the unsprung mass of the vehicle. The piston divides the pressure tube into an upper working chamber and a lower working chamber. The piston includes compression valving which limits the flow of damping fluid from the lower working chamber during a compression stroke and rebound valving which limits the flow of damping fluid from the upper working chamber to the lower working chamber during a rebound or extension stroke. Because the compression valving and the rebound valving have the ability to limit the flow of damping fluid, the shock absorber is able to produce a damping force which counteracts the vibrations which would otherwise be transmitted from the unsprung mass to the sprung mass.
In a dual-tube shock absorber, a fluid reservoir is defined between the pressure tube and a reservoir tube which is positioned around the pressure tube. A base valve assembly is located between the lower working chamber and the fluid reservoir to control the flow of dampening fluid. The compression valving of the piston is moved to the base valve assembly and is replaced by a compression check valve assembly. In addition to the compression valving, the base valve assembly includes a rebound check valve assembly. The compression valving of the base valve assembly produces the damping force during a compression stroke, and the rebound valving of the piston produces the damping force during a rebound or extension stroke. Both the compression and rebound check valve assemblies permit fluid flow in one direction, but prohibit fluid flow in an opposite direction; however, they are designed such that they do not generate a damping force.
In applications where a low level of flow restriction is a priority for the check valve assemblies, the working surface for lifting the check valve disc must be maximized. In addition, this low flow restriction level also calls for a very lightweight disc. When first reviewing the design for the check valve assembly, it may seem logical to utilize a valve spring, which has a low stiffness. This design choice is overruled by the need for a fast closing check valve assembly, as well as the need to avoid “chuckle” noise when the shock absorber is mounted on the vehicle.
As the check valve disc becomes lighter and thinner, and the area of the check valve disc which is acted upon by fluid pressure becomes greater, the check valve disc becomes very sensitive to the high fluid pressure which urges the check valve assembly into its closed position.
The continued development of check valve assemblies has been directed towards reducing the level of flow restriction without compromising the sensitivity of the check valve assembly to the high pressure fluid which urges the check valve assembly into its closed position.1. Field of the Invention
The invention relates to an operator control unit, in particular for operating a multimedia system in a motor vehicle, having an operator control element which can be rotated about an axis and displaced along this axis and can be latched in a position on this axis.
Such an operator control element is known from U.S. Pat. No. 5,270,689.There, by rotating a rotary switch about an axis, a specific function is selected from a menu represented on a screen, and confirmed by pressing the switch. Inadvertent confirmation can be rescinded by pulling the switch. As a result of the confirmation, the unit is changed over into another menu in which a selection is possible in the same way.1. Field
The present invention relates to communication of data, and more particularly, to sending messages from a wireless device in a multiple communication modes environment.
2. Background
Various communication systems operating according to different communication protocols provide for communication of messages. Generally, communication of messages is provided through different message services. One of the message services is the short message service (SMS.) The SMS is a wireless message service for providing a medium for communication of alphanumeric messages of limited size. The communication of SMS messages may be between mobile devices, or a mobile device and a wireless network. The SMS may be used for a variety of communication services such as electronic mail, paging, facsimile, voice mail, or Internet access. The SMS is available in communication systems operating in accordance with the Global System for Mobile Communications (GSM) standard, and code division multiple access (CDMA) standards, such as CDMA1X, CDMA2000, and WCDMA. The standards may include a specific set of protocols for communication of data. Such specific protocols include the General Packet Radio Service (GPRS) and the Universal Mobile Telecommunications Service (UMTS).
Another type of message service is known as Enhanced Messaging Service (EMS.) The EMS allows users of EMS-compliant mobile devices to send and receive text, melodies, pictures, and simple sounds and animations, or a combination thereof. The EMS is also supported by a number of communication standards.
A mobile device having multiple communication modes may support the operations of communicating data in accordance with more than one standard. Therefore, the mobile device may be a multi-mode wireless device (MWD.) The MWD allows a user to send and receive voice and data over multiple wireless networks, each operating in accordance with a communication standard. The communication modes include, without limitation, operations in CDMA or GSM based systems, or GSM-based derivatives such as GPRS or UMTS. Other CDMA-based systems are also included, such as CDMA1X, CDMA2000, etc. The MWDs are generally compatible with the SMS and EMS for sending and receiving messages.
Most communication modes provide at least one message service. Each message service, however, has distinct formats, interfaces, and protocols for generating, sending, and receiving messages. In the past, mobile service providers required users to choose a single wireless system for their service. Thus, a wireless device had to support only one set of message services.
The proliferation of MWDs, however, requires the ability to support multiple message services for corresponding multiple communication modes, as well as each message service's unique standards. Currently, a user of an MWD must determine which wireless communication mode or modes is available for use, and must manually select an appropriate corresponding message service. Further, the MWD may employ a different application for each message service, and each application includes a distinct interface and set of procedures for sending a message.
There is therefore a need in the art for a method and apparatus for sending a message in which a wireless communication mode and a message service can be automatically selected.Total knee arthroplasty (TKA) is one of the most clinically successful and cost-effective interventions in health care, with numerous investigators reporting excellent long-term results in terms of reducing pain, improving function, and increasing quality of life in patients. Among the many factors that influence TKA outcomes, surgical technique and final prosthesis alignment appear the most critical. It is known that an accurate restoration of the overall lower limb alignment reduces polyethylene wear and therefore the risk of aseptic loosening. Furthermore, errors in varus/valgus alignment greater than 3 degrees for the femoral or tibial component have been shown to result in less satisfactory clinical outcomes and a higher risk of loosening. Also, malrotation in the transverse plane of the femoral or tibial components has been shown to affect correct function of the extensor mechanism of the replaced knee, which may lead to anterior knee pain. The elevation of the joint line limits the range of motion of the knee. Finally, instability, malalignment, and/or malposition are the major reasons for TKA revision and, except for infection, are all related to incorrect surgical technique. Although various guides for alignment have been designed to improve accuracy, several limitations remain.
Computer Assisted Orthopedic Surgery (CAOS) is a discipline where computer technology is applied pre-, intra- and/or post-operatively to improve the outcome of orthopedic surgical procedures. The principal idea behind CAOS is that operative outcomes will be improved through the use of computer technology. Taking the example of joint replacement, the task of the surgeon is to integrate the new joint components into the patient's existing anatomy. CAOS technologies allow the surgeon to: plan the component placement in advance, including determination of the appropriate component sizes; measure the intra-operative placement of the components in real time, making sure that the plan is adhered to; and measure the post-operative result.Some electronic components, such as circuit-level devices, integrated-circuit-level devices, board-level devices, and system-level devices, use a multi-phase clock signal. Typically, the multi-phase clock is generated by a ring oscillator, a delay locked loop (DLL), or logic dividers with an external reset or initialization.
However, the circuitry that generates the multi-phase clock generally do not operate at low voltage, have relatively narrow bandwidth support, do not have good noise characteristics, and consume a large amount of power. Moreover, an external reset or initialization for such circuitry does not provide adequate design robustness.Conventionally, a scheme that a value of plural bits is stored in a single memory cell transistor is known as a technique of increasing capacity of a NAND type flash memory. For example, a flash memory employing a multi level cell (MLC) scheme can store a value of two bits in a single memory cell transistor. For example, a flash memory employing a triple level cell (TLC) scheme can store a value of three bits in a single memory cell transistor.The present invention relates generally to the field of polishing pads for chemical mechanical polishing. In particular, the present invention is directed to a chemical mechanical polishing pad having a polishing structure useful for chemical mechanical polishing magnetic, optical and semiconductor substrates.
In the fabrication of integrated circuits and other electronic devices, multiple layers of conducting, semiconducting and dielectric materials are deposited onto and removed from a surface of a semiconductor wafer. Thin layers of conducting, semiconducting and dielectric materials may be deposited using a number of deposition techniques. Common deposition techniques in modern wafer processing include physical vapor deposition (PVD), also known as sputtering, chemical vapor deposition (CVD), plasma-enhanced chemical vapor deposition (PECVD) and electrochemical plating, among others. Common removal techniques include wet and dry isotropic and anisotropic etching, among others.
As layers of materials are sequentially deposited and removed, the uppermost surface of the wafer becomes non-planar. Because subsequent semiconductor processing (e.g., metallization) requires the wafer to have a flat surface, the wafer needs to be planarized. Planarization is useful for removing undesired surface topography and surface defects, such as rough surfaces, agglomerated materials, crystal lattice damage, scratches and contaminated layers or materials.
Chemical mechanical planarization, or chemical mechanical polishing (CMP), is a common technique used to planarize or polish workpieces such as semiconductor wafers. In conventional CMP, a wafer carrier, or polishing head, is mounted on a carrier assembly. The polishing head holds the wafer and positions the wafer in contact with a polishing layer of a polishing pad that is mounted on a table or platen within a CMP apparatus. The carrier assembly provides a controllable pressure between the wafer and polishing pad. Simultaneously, a slurry or other polishing medium is dispensed onto the polishing pad and is drawn into the gap between the wafer and polishing layer. To effect polishing, the polishing pad and wafer typically rotate relative to one another. As the polishing pad rotates beneath the wafer, the wafer sweeps out a typically annular polishing track, or polishing region, wherein the wafer's surface directly confronts the polishing layer. The wafer surface is polished and made planar by chemical and mechanical action of the polishing layer and polishing medium on the surface.
The interaction among polishing layers, polishing media and wafer surfaces during CMP has been the subject of increasing study, analysis, and advanced numerical modeling in the past ten years in an effort to optimize polishing pad designs. Most of the polishing pad developments since the inception of CMP as a semiconductor manufacturing process have been empirical in nature, involving trials of many different porous and non-porous polymeric materials. Much of the design of polishing surfaces, or layers, has focused on providing these layers with various microstructures, or patterns of void areas and solid areas, and macrostructures, or arrangements of surface perforations or grooves, that are claimed to increase polishing rate, improve polishing uniformity, or reduce polishing defects (scratches, pits, delaminated regions, and other surface or sub-surface damage). Over the years, quite a few different microstructures and macrostructures have been proposed to enhance CMP performance.
For conventional polishing pads, pad surface “conditioning” or “dressing” is critical to maintaining a consistent polishing surface for stable polishing performance. Over time the polishing surface of the polishing pad wears down, smoothing over the microtexture of the polishing surface—a phenomenon called “glazing”. The origin of glazing is plastic flow of the polymeric material due to frictional heating and shear at the points of contact between the pad and the workpiece. Additionally, debris from the CMP process can clog the surface voids as well as the micro-channels through which slurry flows across the polishing surface. When this occurs, the polishing rate of the CMP process decreases, and this can result in non-uniform polishing between wafers or within a wafer. Conditioning creates a new texture on the polishing surface useful for maintaining the desired polishing rate and uniformity in the CMP process.
Conventional polishing pad conditioning is achieved by abrading the polishing surface mechanically with a conditioning disk. The conditioning disk has a rough conditioning surface typically comprised of imbedded diamond points. The conditioning disk is brought into contact with the polishing surface either during intermittent breaks in the CMP process when polishing is paused (“ex situ”), or while the CMP process is underway (“in situ”). Typically the conditioning disk is rotated in a position that is fixed with respect to the axis of rotation of the polishing pad, and sweeps out an annular conditioning region as the polishing pad is rotated. The conditioning process as described cuts microscopic furrows into the pad surface, both abrading and plowing the pad material and renewing the polishing texture.
Although pad designers have produced various microstructures and configurations of surface texture through both pad material preparation and surface conditioning, existing CMP pad polishing textures are less than optimal in two important aspects. First, the actual contact area between a conventional CMP pad and a typical workpiece under the applied pressures practiced in CMP is small—usually only a few percent of the total confronting area. This is a direct consequence of the inexactness of conventional surface conditioning that amounts to randomly tearing the solid regions of the structure into tatters, leaving a population of features, or asperities, of various shapes and heights of which only the tallest actually contact the workpiece. Second, the space available for slurry flow to convey away polish debris and heat occupies a thin layer at the pad surface such that polishing waste remains in close proximity with the workpiece until it passes completely out from under the workpiece. Slurry flow between the pad and workpiece must pass across the highly irregular surface and around any asperities that bridge the full vertical distance from the pad to the workpiece. This results in a high probability that the workpiece is re-exposed to both spent chemistry and material previously removed. Thus conventional pad microstructures are not optimal because contact mechanics and fluid mechanics within the surface texture are coupled: the height distribution of asperities favors neither good contact nor effective fluid flow and transport.
Defect formation in CMP has origins in both shortcomings of conventional pad microstructure. For example, Reinhardt et al., in U.S. Pat. No. 5,578,362, disclose the use of polymeric spheres to introduce texture into a polyurethane polishing pad. Although exact defect formation mechanisms are incompletely understood, it is generally clear that reducing defect formation requires minimizing extreme point stresses on the workpiece. Under a given applied load or polish pressure, the actual point contact pressure is inversely proportional to the true contact area. A CMP process running at 3 psi (20.7 kPa) polish pressure and having 2% real contact area across all asperity tips actually subjects the workpiece to normal stresses averaging 150 psi (1 MPa). Stresses of this magnitude are sufficient to cause surface and sub-surface damage. Being blunt and irregular in shape, asperities on conventional CMP pads also lead to unfavorable flow patterns: localized pressures of fluid impinging on asperities can be significant, and regions of stagnant or separated flow can lead to accumulation of polish debris and heat or create an environment for particle agglomeration.
Beyond providing potential defect formation sources, conventional polishing pad microtexture is not optimal because pad surface conditioning is typically not exactly reproducible. The diamonds on a conditioning disk become dulled with use such that the conditioner must be replaced after a period of time; during its life the effectiveness of the conditioner thus continually changes. Conditioning also contributes greatly to the wear rate of a CMP pad. It is common for about 95% of the wear of a pad to result from the abrasion of the diamond conditioner and only about 5% from contact with workpieces. Thus in addition to defect reduction, improved pad microstructure could eliminate the need for conditioning and allow longer pad life.
The key to eliminating pad conditioning is to devise a polishing surface that is self-renewing, that is, that retains the same essential geometry and configuration as it wears. Thus to be self-renewing, the polishing surface must be such that wear does not significantly reshape the solid regions. This in turn requires that the solid regions not be subjected to continuous shear and heating sufficient to cause a substantial degree of plastic flow, or that the solid regions be configured so that they respond to shear or heating in a way that distributes the shear and heating to other solid regions.
In addition to low defectivity, CMP pad polishing structures must achieve good planarization efficiency. Conventional pad materials require a trade-off between these two performance metrics because lower defectivity is achieved by making the material softer and more compliant, yet these same property changes compromise planarization efficiency. Ultimately, planarization requires a stiff flat material; while low defectivity requires a less stiff conformal material. It is thus difficult to surmount the essential trade-off between these metrics with a single material. Conventional pad structures approach this problem in a variety of ways, including the use of composite materials having hard and soft layers bonded to one another. While composites offer improvements over single-layer structures, no material has yet been developed that achieves ideal planarization efficiency and zero defect formation simultaneously.
Consequently, while pad microstructure and conditioning means exist for contemporary CMP applications, there is a need for CMP pad designs that achieve higher real contact area with the workpiece and more effective slurry flow patterns for removal of polish debris, as well as reducing or eliminating the need for re-texturing. In addition, there is a need for CMP pad structures that combine a rigid stiff structure needed for good planarization efficiency with a less stiff conformal structure needed for low defectivity.In a transmitter of all modern wireless communication links, an output sequence of bits from an error correcting code can be mapped onto a sequence of complex modulation symbols. These symbols can be then used to create a waveform suitable for transmission across a wireless channel. Particularly as data rates increase, decoding performance on the receiver side can be a limiting factor to achievable data rates.This invention relates to a device for receiving and displaying television images comprising buffer means for storing television images. The invention also relates to a television apparatus provided with such a device.
A device of the type described in the opening paragraph is known from EP-B-0 375 764. The known device is intended for rapidly skipping commercials. If a user wants to watch a television program in such a way that he can skip the commercials in the television program, a number of minutes of the television program corresponding approximately to the expected total period of time of the commercials must first be stored in the buffer means. Subsequently, the device can be switched to a combined recording and display state at which the television images are read at the xe2x80x9cnormalxe2x80x9d rate so that the user can only then watch the television program. When the user watches a commercial during display, he can switch the device to a state at which the television images are read from the buffer means in an accelerated way. At the end of the commercials, the user can again switch the device to the previously mentioned combined recording and display state. By watching the commercials in an accelerated way, the period of time of an interruption in a program comprising commercials will be reduced.
It is an object of the invention to provide a device having a more user-friendly facility of rapidly skipping the commercials in a television program.
To this end, the device according to the invention is characterized in that the buffer means are adapted to receive television images at a first frame frequency and to supply television images at a second frame frequency, a quantity X being defined as being X equal to the number of consecutive television images, stored in the buffer means, between an image read from the buffer means at a given instant and an image written at substantially the same instant, in that X increases with time in the first state and decreases with time in the second state, and in that the device comprises control means for generating a first control signal for bringing the device from the first to the second state, and a second control signal for bringing the device from the second to the first state.
The invention provides a device in which it is no longer necessary to store a number of minutes of the television program corresponding to the period of time of the commercials to be expected in the television program into the buffer means and subsequently start watching the television program. The invention provides the possibility of watching these commercials simultaneously with the reception of the beginning of the television program. To be able to skip the expected commercials rapidly, a slightly larger number of television images are stored in the buffer means per unit of time in a first state as compared with the number of television images read, so that at the instant when a block of commercials in a program is displayed and watched by the user, this block is approximately entirely stored in the buffer means. The user can now switch the device to a second state so that the block of commercials is skipped in an accelerated way. In order that the user can continue watching the program, he will then switch the device to the first state again.
The device according to the invention has the extra advantage that the buffer means may be smaller because it need only be approximately the size of one inserted block of commercials.
A first embodiment of the device according to the invention is characterized in that the buffer means are adapted to store television images received at the input of the buffer means at the first frame frequency and to read television images stored in the buffer means at the second frame frequency and supply said images at the output, wherein the first frame frequency is larger than the second frame frequency, the buffer means, in the first state, being adapted as a FIFO and, in the second state, being adapted to supply each time N television images of successive groups of M consecutive television images stored in the buffer means at the output of said buffer means, N and M being positive integers and chosen to be such that X decreases with time. In this embodiment, the value of the first frame frequency at the input of the buffer means in the first state is equal to the value of the first frame frequency in the second state. The values of the second frame frequency at the output of the buffer means are equal to each other in the first and the second state. This has the advantage that the device does not need to be further adapted as far as possible pre-processing and post-processing means for switching from the first to the second state, or vice versa, are concerned. In the first state, all received television images are displayed at the output in the same order. In the second state, a part of the received television images is displayed at the output of the buffer means. Normally, the first frame frequency will be 25 Hz. This means that, in this embodiment, the display tube connected to the output must be capable of displaying television images at the lower, second frame frequency which is, for example 22 Hz.
A second embodiment of the device according to the invention is characterized in that the buffer means are of the FIFO type and are adapted to store television images received at the input of the buffer means at the first frame frequency, and to read television images stored in the buffer means at the second frame frequency and supply them at the output, the second frame frequency in the first state being smaller than the first frame frequency, and the second frame frequency in the second state being larger than the first frame frequency. In this embodiment, all received and stored television images are supplied at the output of the buffer means in the first and the second state. In this embodiment, the frame frequency at the output of the buffer means is, for example, 25 Hz in the first state and, for example, 100 Hz in the second state. In this embodiment, the image-processing means in the device subsequent to the buffer means should be capable of processing television images at both frame frequencies.
A third embodiment of the device according to the invention is characterized in that the buffer means are adapted to receive and supply television images at the first frame frequency at their input and output, respectively, said buffer means, in the first state, being adapted to supply each received television image at least once and a part of the received television images more than once at the output of said buffer means. In this embodiment, the frame frequencies at the input and output of the buffer means are equal and do not differ in the first and the second state. This has the advantage that the device in accordance with the third embodiment can be used in a standard television apparatus in which no costly adaptations are necessary. In the first state, all received television images are displayed at the output once or several times in the same sequence. The television images can be stored in, or read from the buffer means several times and supplied from the output. In the second state, a part of the received and stored television images is displayed at the output of the buffer means.
Further embodiments and advantages of the device according to the invention are described in the dependent claims.A company may partner with another company to offer services for their mutual benefit. For example, a first company that has many customers (users of the first company's services) may work with a second company to provide discounted or free services or products from the second company to the first company's customers. In doing so, the first company provides a benefit to its customers while the second company expands its reach to new customers. There are various problems associated with such an arrangement. For example, the customers of the first company would need to subsequently re-authenticate themselves with the second company to access the discounted or free services or products.
For example, FIG. 1 is a block diagram illustrating a sequence of displays on a user device to provision a third-party service over a telecommunications network. As shown, a web browser of a user device on a telecommunications network is utilized to access AMAZON PRIME, which is a paid subscription service offered by AMAZON. The user device displays a web or mobile application (“app”) form for the customer to input authenticating information to access the third-party service on the user device. Once the authenticating information is complete, submitted, and processed, the customer can access the third-party service at the user device.
Moreover, when a first company offers a service of the second company as a bonus service, a customer is typically given a passcode to redeem the bonus service. The additional burden of remembering and entering a passcode leads the customer to forego redeeming the bonus service. Moreover, oftentimes there are delays between when a customer becomes eligible for a benefit and when the customer is apprised that the benefit is available. As a result, the customer is less likely to redeem the bonus service because the passcode was lost, misplaced, or the customer simply chooses to avoid the burdensome process of registering for the bonus service. These and other drawbacks obviate the benefits that should flow from the partnership when providing bonus services to customers.
The drawings have not necessarily been drawn to scale. Similarly, some components and/or operations may be separated into different blocks or combined into a single block for the purposes of discussion of some of the embodiments of the present technology. Moreover, while the technology is amenable to various modifications and alternative forms, specific embodiments have been shown by way of example in the drawings and are described in detail below. The intention, however, is not to limit the technology to the particular embodiments described herein. On the contrary, the technology is intended to cover all modifications, equivalents, and alternatives falling within the scope of the technology as defined by the appended claims.1. Field of the Invention
This invention relates generally to current limiting fuses and more particularly to current limiting fuses having fuse elements in contact with a ceramic core evolving an electro-negative gas that provides superior fault interruption characteristics.
2. Description of the Prior Art
The use of arc induced gas evolution as an aid to fault current interruption is well known in current limiting fuse design. In U.S. Pat. No. 3,437,971, entitled "Current Limiting Fuse", issued by H. W. Mikulecky on Apr. 8, 1969, a fuse element is helically wound about an organic gas evolving support. The fuse element and support are embedded in an inert granular material encased in an insulating housing. The fuse element is in contact with the gas evolving support so that when an arc is drawn, upon fusion of the element, gas is evolved directly into the arc, cooling it and improving current interruption.
Organic cores used in existing fuses have an upper limit determined by how much energy they can absorb before they are damaged to the point where electrical breakdown and hence fuse failure occurs. This deficiency serves to restrict the current and voltage ratings possible with a given design. Typical stratagems employed over the years to minimize the problem are described in U.S. Pat. Nos. 3,849,754; 3,868,619; and 3,925,745, issued to D. D. Blewitt et al. The use of localized gas evolving suppressors on a core is disclosed in U.S. Pat. No. 3,925,745.In radio communications circuits there often arises a need for impedance matching over a wide range of frequencies. Such matching may be achieved using tapered stripline techniques, however the widths of those striplines may be a problem where small size is required. Thus a need exists for a wide-band impedance-matching network with minimum size.1. The Field of the Invention
The invention relates to network-based instant connect telecommunication. More particularly, the invention relates to managing incoming voice data by allowing the recipient to apply various answer modes in network-based instant connect communications.
2. The Relevant Technology
Mobile telephones are some of the most common communication devices in use today. As the popularity of mobile telephones and other telephony-enabled wireless devices such as personal digital assistants increases, the ways in which these devices are used also grows. One application of mobile telephone technology is to use mobile telephones as if they were two-way radio devices or “walkie-talkies.” The ability to use mobile telephones as walkie-talkies is often referred to as “push-to-talk”. Communication in a push-to-talk system can be one-to-one or one-to-many. One example of a push-to-talk system is Nextel's iDEN-based Push to Talk® (also known as Direct Connect™) service.
Push-to-talk systems are typically implemented using standard voice-over Internet protocol (VoIP) technologies or other telephony technologies, where voice data is sent in digital form over data networks. Such push-to-talk systems are hereinafter referred to as “network-based instant connect systems”, and they can be deployed in various networks, including wireless and wireline networks.
Network-based instant connect communication allows a sender to speak to a recipient without the customary procedure of dialing a telephone number and waiting for the recipient to answer. Network-based instant connect communication services combine the convenience of near-instantaneous connection between users with the range and security afforded by a network. Once an instant connect session is established over the network, the voice data transmitted from a sender is played on the recipient's device without any action on the part of the recipient. This is in contrast to a regular telephone call where the recipient is required to manually respond to a ringing telephone.
Because network-based instant connect calls are designed to mimic walkie-talkie communication, the communication channel is used in a half-duplex manner, meaning that voice data can only flow in one direction at a time. The ability to transmit voice data is often referred to as “having the floor”. In a network-based instant connect communication, the sender typically sends a floor request signal to a server in the network by pressing the talk button on a suitably enabled wireless device. Once the floor is granted, the sender may speak to the recipient until the talk button is released. The recipient of the voice data who does not have the floor can merely receive the voice data and cannot take the floor until the sender relinquishes the floor.
As noted above, one general feature of network-based instant connect communications is that, if the recipient's device is powered on and is in a mode to accept incoming calls, any incoming network-based instant connect calls result in the recipient's device automatically outputting voice data. While this can be desirable in some situations, there may be times when the recipient does not want to immediately hear incoming voice data or to otherwise be interrupted by an instant connect call. For example, while the recipient may not want to risk missing an important communication by powering off the device, at the same time the recipient may not want others to hear the incoming voice data from an instant connect communication or may be in a situation where the unexpected activation of the recipient's device in response to an incoming instant connect communication would be considered an interruption. Thus, automatically outputting the voice data associated with instant connect communications may sometimes be inconvenient or undesirable.1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to a power transmitting apparatus for a vehicle that may achieve smooth starting and shifting and may improve fuel economy and acceleration performance as a consequence of adding an electric supplementary drive unit and a torque converting device to a double clutch power transmitting apparatus.
2. Description of Related Art
Environmentally-friendly technique of vehicles is very important technique on which survival of future motor industry is dependent. Vehicle makers are focusing on development of environmentally-friendly vehicles so as to meet environment and fuel consumption regulations.
Some examples of future vehicle technique are an electric vehicle (EV) and a hybrid electric vehicle (HEV) that use electrical energy, and double clutch transmission (DCT) that improves efficiency and convenience.
In addition, the vehicle makers promote improvement of efficiency in a power delivery system so as to meet exhaust regulation of countries and improve fuel consumption performance. In order to improve efficiency of the power delivery system, the vehicle makers are trying to put an idle stop and go (ISG) system and a regenerative braking system to practical use.
The ISG system stops an engine when a vehicle stops and restarts the engine when the vehicle begins to run. The regenerative braking system operates a generator using kinetic energy of the vehicle instead of braking the vehicle by friction when the vehicle brakes, stores electrical energy generated at this time in a battery, and reuses the electrical energy when the vehicle runs.
In addition, the hybrid electric vehicle is a vehicle using more than two power sources, and more than two power sources are combined in various ways. Typically, the hybrid electric vehicle uses a gasoline engine or a diesel engine driven by fossil fuel and a motor/generator driven by electrical energy.
In addition, one example of a transmission applied to the hybrid electric vehicle is the DCT. According to the DCT, two clutches are applied to a manual transmission layout. Therefore, efficiency and convenience may be improved.
That is, the DCT achieves odd-numbered-speeds and even-numbered-speeds alternately by using two clutches. A mechanism achieving the odd-numbered-speeds and the even-numbered-speeds alternately improves shift feel so as to solve problems of a conventional manual transmission (MT) and an automated manual transmission (AMT).
However, the DCT has such problems that clutch damage and energy loss due to clutch slip may occur when starting, safety may not be secured since backward rolling due to clutch slip occurs excessively in hill-start, shift shock may be strong compared with an automatic transmission since shift time is controlled to be short due to thermal capacity of a clutch.
The information disclosed in this Background of the Invention section is only for enhancement of understanding of the general background of the invention and should not be taken as an acknowledgement or any form of suggestion that this information forms the prior art already known to a person skilled in the art.1. Field of the Invention
This invention relates to a system for remotely providing object location.
2. Background
Vehicle locators are well known. They may be used to locate a single vehicle. However, in daily life, we need an object locator to locate a variety of the target objects in a list. Moreover, all object locators are standing alone devices. Nowadays the existing device like cellular phone set, personal digital assistant, or car alarm remote is very commonly used. We may embed the object locator in the existing device to share its hardware, software, memory and display, etc., and becomes its additional application.
The target object to be located may not necessarily be a vehicle. It may be an equipment or machine moving around and stationary, perhaps carried by a person. To locate the equipment or machine means locating the person carrying it. Using a list to keep the identification of each equipment or machine shall help us to locate a person in the list one by one.A window ball grid array (WBGA) semiconductor package employs an advanced type of BGA packaging technology, wherein at least one opening is formed through a substrate, and a semiconductor chip is mounted on the substrate in an upside-down manner that an active surface of the chip faces downwards and covers the opening of the substrate, allowing the chip to be electrically connected to a lower surface of the substrate via a plurality of gold wires received in the opening. Such package structure can effectively reduce the length of gold wires and improve the quality of electrical communication between the chip and substrate, which thus has been widely applied to DRAM (dynamic random access memory) chips having central pads.
U.S. Pat. No. 6,218,731 discloses a WBGA semiconductor package. As shown in FIG. 1, this semiconductor package 3 comprises a substrate 30 having a central opening 304 therethrough; a chip 31 mounted on the substrate 30, with bond pads 310a on an active surface 310 of the chip 31 being exposed to the opening 304 of the substrate 30; a plurality of gold wires 33 received in the opening 304, for electrically connecting the bond pad 310a of the chip 31 to a lower surface of the substrate 30; a first encapsulant 340 and a second encapsulant 341 formed on an upper surface and the lower surface of the substrate 30 respectively, for encapsulating the chip 31 and filling the opening 304; a plurality of solder balls 35 implanted on the lower surface of the substrate 30 not having the second encapsulant 341, for establishing electrical connection with external electronic devices.
Conventionally due to cost concerns for fabricating the above semiconductor package, a molding process is performed in a batch manner to encapsulate a substrate strip comprising a plurality of substrates, and then a sawing process is carried out to separate apart the individual substrates. As shown in FIG. 2, after the chip-mounting and wire-bonding processes, the substrate strip 30 (designated with the same reference numeral as substrate) is placed between an upper mold and a lower mold of a transfer mold 37. After engaging the upper and lower molds, injecting a molding compound and performing a curing step, which are known in the art, the first encapsulant 340 and the second encapsulant 341 are respectively formed on the upper surface and the lower surface of the substrate 30. Finally, after the ball-implanting process, the package structure is sawed to form a plurality of individual WBGA semiconductor packages 3.
Such molding method is relatively cost-effective and suitable for mass production. However, since loops of the gold wires and the second encapsulant for encapsulating the gold wires protrude from the lower surface of the substrate, in order to fabricate appropriate second encapsulants, it needs to prepare different types of molds corresponding to different sizes and structures of openings in the substrates, which would undesirably increase the fabrication cost. Moreover, in order to completely encapsulate the gold wires, the second encapsulant may occupy relatively much area on the substrate, thereby limiting the density and number of solder balls that can be implanted on the substrate. In addition, since the first encapsulant and the second encapsulant are not completely symmetric to each other, the upper and lower molds may not firmly clamp the substrate, thereby leading to flash of the second encapsulant on the lower surface of the substrate. This not only affects the appearance of the package but also may cover ball pads on lower surface of the substrate, which would adversely affect the ball-implanting process and degrade the electrical performance of the solder balls formed on the ball pads. As a result, an extra step of using a solvent to remove the encapsulant flash is required. The flash problem is thus considered as a significant drawback in the prior art.
Therefore, the problem to be solved here is to provide a semiconductor package and a method for fabricating the same, which can increase the density of implanted solder balls and solve the flash problem, so as to improve the overall yield and electrical performance.In a conventional desktop blade system, a user desktop is coupled to a basic Ethernet switch using a thin protocol such as, for example, a remote desktop protocol (RDP). The switch provides mapping of the user desktop to a server blade. The switch is coupled to a plurality of server blades via a blade fabric that supports 10/100 Base-T access methods. The user desktop is a general-purpose computer with a central processing unit (CPU) running a single general-purpose operating system (e.g., DOS, Windows). The server blade operates a single general-purpose operating system on which one or more applications run.
Further limitations and disadvantages of conventional and traditional approaches will become apparent to one of ordinary skill in the art through comparison of such systems with one or more aspects of the present invention as set forth in the remainder of the present application with reference to the drawings.In the development of integrated electronic circuits it is important to verify proper operation before committing a design to an expensive build process. Such verifications may include extracting parasitic circuit information such as capacitance, resistance and inductance. As chips become larger and more complex, time required for performing such extractions may also increase. Therefore, for advanced processes it may be desirable to be able to incrementally extract parasitic information. That is, if a designer changed only a portion of the design and a previous complete extraction exists, it may be desirable to extract only the portion of the design that is affected by the designer's change and merge these results with the previously existing complete extraction.
A potential problem of incremental extraction is that the relationship between the incremental portion and the rest of the chip may not be preserved. For instance, if only a few shapes of a net are changed and re-extracted, knowing where to insert the changed portion into the original circuit description/netlist of the changed net may be difficult. Similarly, if the new shapes capacitively couple to the old/existing shapes, exactly where to connect in the netlist of the old shapes may be difficult to determine.Sensors are used to determine and monitor status and conditions of equipment and the environment at that equipment. For example, a sensor may be used to monitor temperature, humidity, atmosphere at an environment or other ambient conditions. Other sensors are used to monitor physical parameters of equipment, and the status of the equipment itself, including determining strain, vibration, and development of cracking.
Sensors also may be used to log data. Powers et al. in U.S. Pat. No. 5,381,136 (1995) describe a remote logger unit for monitoring a variety of operating parameters along a fluids distribution or transmission system. An RF link is activated by which a logger unit alerts a central controller when predetermined operating limits are exceeded. Farther logger units transmit data via closer logger units in daisy chain fashion.
Arms in U.S. Pat. No. 6,588,282 (2003) describes peak strain linear displacement sensor for monitoring strain in structures. The device records data and can report strain history for the structure to which it is attached. A displacement sensor is constrained so that it shows maximum movement in one direction resulting in deformation of the structure to which it is attached.
Hamel et al. in U.S. Pat. Nos. 7,081,693 (2006) and 7,170,201 (2007) describe devices for powering a load by harvesting energy as electrical energy from an ambient source, storing said electrical energy, and switching the storage device to provide electrical energy when required to a load such as a sensor. The example is provided of powering a sensor for monitoring tire pressure and transmitting that data.
Arms et al. in U.S. Pat. No. 7,696,621 (2010) and in a conference presentation, “Wireless Strain Sensing Networks,” 2nd European Workshop on Structural Health Monitoring, Munich, Germany, Jul. 7-9, 2004, describe a RFID tag packaging system for an electronic device located within a cavity in an adjacent flexible material. The dimensions of the flexible material are chosen so as to provide protection of the electronic device from loading applied to the device.
A preferred approach to maintenance is “Condition-Based Maintenance” (CBM). Equipment downtime, both scheduled and unscheduled, is an important factor of production loss. In addition, according to a study by Optimal Maintenance Decisions Inc. (OMDEC), a leader in condition-based maintenance (CBM) management solutions, failures in the field are three times more costly to repair (considering overtime, rescue, and expedited shipping of parts) than scheduled (or preventive) maintenance operations.
Hence, CBM is replacing preventive maintenance in many industrial operations as a result of gains in productivity. Condition-based maintenance (CBM) is a maintenance system prevalent in industrial mining and energy operations. CBM monitors equipment to establish an optimal maintenance cycle (based on the predictions of when a machine will fail using strain and vibration measurements, for example).
While preventive maintenance repairs machinery every given time period, even if the machine is still operational, CBM can extend that time period. The optimal maintenance cycle determines the best time to shut down a machine for preventive repair. Finding the balance between repairing often and continuing to produce is the tricky part.
As an example, strain and fatigue measurements reveal risks of yield failures and cracking, changes in material properties, and remaining equipment life, making them incredibly useful for CBM if monitored.
In the mining industry, strain and vibration are not generally monitored by built-in systems, mainly due to the complexity of sensor installation and computational intensity of the data processing. CBM relies heavily on regular or continuous measurements of parameters that allow operators to determine when the machine will fail (i.e. strain and vibration).
Electronic sensors measure physical quantities (such as strain, temperature, acceleration, crack propagation, pressure, etc.) and convert them into signals read by an instrument (the reader varies depending on the type of sensor).
For example, strain gauges consist of a foil pattern (often in a tight zigzag) insulated in a flexible material and attached to an object under strain. As the object deforms, the resistance of the foil wires changes, allowing a Wheatstone bridge circuit (a measuring instrument used to measure an unknown electrical resistance) to record the variations.
Unfortunately, existing CBM solutions have been historically inaccurate, are expensive or non-viable, and/or produce poor signal transmission and short battery life.
CBM's reliance on high data volume dictates a need to monitor continuously (or at least often) strain and loading. To understand fully a machine's state requires monitoring of cracks and crack growth. However, monitoring the hundreds of machines used every day in a mining operation requires many sensors and many more wires, which are difficult and expensive to install and maintain.
Many solutions have not reliably predicted when a machine will fail. This parameter is probably the most important when it comes to CBM, since CBM relies on accurate predictions of failure. The inability to predict correctly when a machine will fail can have grave consequences on unplanned downtime as well as operator safety.
Some solutions offer accurate predictions, but at high costs, whether in the stages of installation and setup, longevity and data collection, or analysis and data post-processing.
Yet other solutions offer poor signal transmission due to low range or lack of direct line of sight. Power supplies dictate operating conditions and longevity of the solution. Most solutions require too much power to operate for long periods of time, or are too delicate to operate in the harsh conditions of mining operations. Conditions can include extreme temperatures, constant vibration, and quick acceleration.In gas well dewatering applications it is desired to draw the well down to the lowest reservoir pressure as possible in order to maximize gas production. To prevent lift pumps from gas locking, inverted shrouds are used as a way to separate gas from liquid. Inverted shrouds are typically long and in effect, raise the intake of the pump to the top of the shroud. Further pressure increase occurs due to the frictional drag in the annulus between the shroud and the casing.
It is becoming increasingly desirable to dewater a zone by placing the ESP pump in a horizontal well-bore. In horizontal gas wells, however, the gas bubble buoyancy forces are not acting in the optimum direction for moving gas out of the well bore. In these wells much of the gas production goes up the casing/tubing annulus. Because a significant length of well-bore is horizontal, it is very difficult to keep the necessary fluid level over the pump. Thus, static liquid in a horizontal gas well may choke the gas flow.
A technique is thus needed to boost the gas and liquid to the vertical or high angle to allow the buoyancy forces to separate the gas from liquid.Field of Invention
The present invention relates to a converter technology. More particularly, the present invention relates to a converter circuit and the open-circuit detection method of the same.
Description of Related Art
Since the converter is widely used in the power system, the requirements on its maintainability requirements hence are increasing accordingly. The multilevel converter, for example, which provides a lot of convenience on applications of high voltage and high power occasions, but with the level number increases, the number of switches required for the main circuit doubles, the circuit structure and control scheme become more complex, leads to malfunction of the power electronic device increasing, and the reliability of the system greatly reducing.
Currently the malfunctions that commonly occur include open-circuit or open-circuit malfunctions of the power semiconductor switches, and malfunctions such as wire disconnection, wrong connection, or driver errors which causes damages to the devices and systems. If there is no effective mechanism to detect if the converter circuit is under open-circuit malfunction, the converter circuit can easily be damaged during operations, resulting in stoppage of the production, or even seriously accidents.
Hence it is an important issue to design a new converter circuit and an open-circuit detection method thereof to solve the aforementioned problem.This invention relates generally to agricultural implements, including ground working apparatus, such as planters, and transversely elongated tool bars for supporting the ground working devices, and, more particularly, to a forwardly folding tool bar convertible between a wide, transversely extending operating configuration and a narrow, compact transport configuration.
The need to till and cultivate soil for the planting and growing of crops has been a long established practice in agriculture. More recently developed tillage implements have provided increased size and complexity to accommodate different types of crops and the tractors that tow the tillage implements to cover larger areas of soil. Increasing concerns for conservation of natural resources have also had an impact on the design of modern tillage implements, increasing the complexity of these implements. Planters of substantially equal transverse width have also been developed to work in conjunction with these tillage implements, or independently. More typically, large planting implements are operatively coupled with air carts to provide a substantial source of seed and fertilizer for the large demand accompanying such large planting implements.
Larger tillage and planting implements allow an operator to perform the required tillage operations over a larger area for each pass of the implement, permitting fuel conservation for the tractor and resulting in less compaction of the soil. The increasing levels of sophistication in tillage implements enable low-till and no-till planting techniques to be utilized with greater success. Since low-till and no-till planting techniques are preferably accomplished with a single pass of the implement over the field, the soil is disturbed only once, minimizing moisture loss and the amounts of pesticides, herbicides and fertilizer that are required. Such larger and more complex tillage implements introduce problems that have been heretofore unknown in the arts.
For example, an agricultural tractor could pull a planting implement. Adding an air cart or a seed/fertilizer supply cart to the planting implement increases the weight of the combined implement and requires the tractor and operator to be able to control all of the functions of the combined implement as the single pass is made over the field to plant seeds, place fertilizer into the ground at the proper location, and apply appropriate amounts of herbicides and/or pesticides. Furthermore, that combined implement must be transported from field to field, usually over public highways, requiring the combined implement to be converted into a transport configuration that is substantially narrower in width than the preferred operating configuration of the combined implement.
It would be desirable to provide a tool bar for a tillage or planting implement with the capability of folding from a wide, transversely extending operating position to a narrow, compact transport configuration, requiring interacting latches and actuating devices to facilitate the conversion of the tillage implement and to keep the implement in the transport configuration while being towed from one field to another.Many watercraft vessels such as power boats, sailboats and the like, often cannot be directly tied up against an intended dock because the draft of the vessel is too great and the sea floor immediately adjacent to the dock is too shallow. Likewise, rudders can cause similar problems in shallow areas immediately adjacent to the dock. Rudders extending outward from vessels can be damaged if the rudder hits against the dock during normal wave action. Also it is a known problem that the sides of vessels secured directly next to a dock tend to bounce against the dock and can potentially cause possible damage to either or both the vessel and the dock.
Past attempts to alleviate these problems have often been inadequate. For example, docks that are equipped with bumpers and fenders such as rubber strips and tires may eliminate some of the damage that can occur to a docked vessel. However, the bumpers and fenders on the dock can still chafe the sides of the vessels causing marks. Rigid mooring bars such as the one disclosed in U.S. Pat. No. 4,913,078 to Haverly, can secure a vessel a fixed distance from the dock. However, the vessel is then free to continuously bounce around with the normal wave action. The negatives of the Haverly device become evident when wave action becomes more extreme allowing the vessel to freely swing to crash up and down at the end of the mooring bar.
Thus, the need exists for a device to secure a vessel at a fixed distance from a dock while allowing the vessel to generally rise and fall with the wave action while cushioning the severe effects of severe wave action.A packet switching or routing network (referred to as a switching network henceforth) has switches used for transmission of data among senders and receivers connected to the network. The switching performed by these switches is in fact the action of passing on packets of data received by a switch to a further switch in the network. Such switching actions are the means by which communication data is moved through the packet switching network.
Each switch may include what is commonly referred to as a switch fabric configured to process packets between input and output packet processor. Each switch may further comprise one or more packet processors coupled to the switch fabric. The packet processors may further be configured to direct the incoming packets of data across the switch fabric to particular packet processors. Each packet processor may be configured to provide traffic to the switch fabric and accept traffic from the switch fabric. Each packet processor may further be configured to accept/transmit data from/to hosts, respectively. Thus, any host connected with one of the packet processors may communicate with another host connected to another packet processor.
Due to bottlenecks in processing in packet processors or in transferring traffic across the switch, data packets may be required to wait prior to being processed by a packet processor and transmitted to another packet processor or switch in the packet switching network. As a result, queues configured to temporarily store data packets may be implemented in the packet processor. Coupled to the queues may be mechanisms to enqueue the data packets into the queues. That is, the enqueuing mechanisms may be configured to insert the packets in the corresponding queues. It is noted that a portion or all of the queues may be part of the same physical memory resource.
Typically, packets are assigned a priority where the priority may be determined based on a value of particular bits in the packet header. The packets with a higher priority may be processed prior to the packets with a lower priority. After each particular interval of time, a scheduler in the packet processor may be configured to search through all the queues storing packets and identify the packet with the highest priority to be transmitted. However, in order for the scheduler to search through all the queues storing packets and identify the packet with the highest priority to be transmitted, the scheduler may be complex to implement such as by having multiple sub-queues and logic for identifying multiple priorities.
It would therefore be desirable to implement a simpler scheduler without the complexity in design of having multiple sub-queues and logic for identifying multiple priorities in order to identify the packet to be transmitted.Traditional knowledge learning and skill training programs rely on instructions and practice problems to help a user (e.g., a learner or a trainee) to improve his/her understanding of new concepts and skills in solving problems. Typically, a number of problems are provided to the user. The user finishes some or all the problems in a certain time period and submits the answers. The learning/training programs provide feedbacks to the user indicating how many problems are correctly answered and how many are not. The user may correct the problems which are answered incorrectly and/or practice more. In this traditional process, the user's learning/training progress is often linked to the percentage of problems that are correctly answered in a set of practice problems. This measure of learning/training progress, however, is difficult to provide an accurate assessment of the user on the proficiency levels of the skills to be learned, and is difficult to forecast the performance of the user in a comprehensive exam. In addition, traditional learning/training programs do not have the intelligence or ability to make dynamic adjustment of focusing areas to optimize the efficiency of the learning/training. The present disclosure is directed to overcoming or mitigating one or more of these problems as set forth above.Thus far, high-capacity optical disks of various kinds have been achieved by reducing the size of an information mark that is written on a disk track and also by making a wavelength of the laser beam for use in recording/playback shorter and adopting an objective lens of a larger numerical aperture, to reduce the size of a focus spot on a focusing surface.
In, for example, a CD (compact disc), its disk substrate serving as an optical transmissive layer (a transparent protective layer formed on an information recording layer, which is also called a transparent substrate) has a thickness of about 1.2 mm, a laser beam wavelength of about 780 nm and a numerical apertures (NA) of 0.45 of an objective lens are selected, with its recording capacity being 650 MB.
In a DVD (digital versatile disc), its optical transmissive layer has a thickness of about 0.6 mm, and a laser beam wavelength of about 650 nm and an NA of 0.6 are selected, resulting in a recording capacity of 4.7 GB.
In a higher-density BD (Blu-ray Disc), an optical disk whose optical transmissive layer thickness is 0.1 mm is used to determine the laser beam wavelength to be about 405 nm and the NA to be 0.85, thereby achieving a high capacity of 25 GB per layer.
Besides these discs, there is an HD DVD (high-definition digital versatile disc) and the like in which an optical disk whose optical transmissive layer thickness is 0.6 mm that is the same as that of the DVD is used to determine the laser beam wavelength to be about 405 nm and the NA to be 0.65, thereby achieving a high capacity of 18 GB or more.
In the field of optical recording, a high-density recording scheme has been researched in recent years which uses a super-definition optical disk on which a super definition mask layer is formed having a nonlinear optical absorption characteristic or a nonlinear optical transmission characteristic where an index of refraction varies depending on light intensity. In this scheme, by causing changes in the index of refraction in a localized high temperature zone or a localized high intensity zone in the focus spot of an optical disk, marks can be played back that is smaller than a diffraction limit λ/(4NA) that is determined by optical elements of an optical disk apparatus—i.e., the numerical aperture NA of a converging lens and optical wavelength λ (for instance, refer to Non-patent Document 1).
In such a super resolution optical disk, however, because a mask layer thereof absorbs light, larger playback energy is needed in comparison to that in a conventional optical disk. It is known that as a result, a low frequency noise level (or disk noise) contained in playback signals increase (refer to Non-patent Document 2, for example).
Non-patent Documents 1 and 2 relates to Super-RENS (super resolution near field structure) scheme, which is for a typical super resolution optical disk. In addition to this disk, another super resolution optical disk is proposed which is formed of a material having a nonlinear optical absorption characteristic or nonlinear optical transmission characteristic in which an index of refraction of the recorded information mark varies depending on light intensity (refer to Non-patent Document 3, for example). These are hereinafter collectively called super resolution optical disk.    [Non-patent Document 1]    “Observation of Eye Pattern on Super-Resolution Near-Field Structure Disk with Write-Strategy Technique”, Jpn. J. Appl. Phys., Vol. 43, No. 7A, pp. 4212-4215 (2004)    [Non-patent Document 2]    “Low Frequency Noise Reduction of Super-Resolution Near-Field Structure Disc with Platinum-Oxide Layer,” ODS, Technical Digest, ThC3 (2005)    [Non-patent Document 3]    “Sub-Terabyte-Data-Capacity Optical Discs Realized by Three-Dimensional Pit Selection,” Jpn. J. Appl. Phys., Vol. 45, No. 4A, pp. 2593-2597 (2006)1. Field
This disclosure relates generally to gain control, and more specifically, to gain control of a receiver using signal peak tracking.
2. Related Art
Communication protocols have been widely adopted for providing connectivity in a number of applications, including healthcare, sports, and sensor applications. Such protocols often use a preamble sequence at the beginning of a transmission that is used to identify a valid start of the transmission. The preamble sequence indicates to a receiver that a transmission is underway.
The present invention is illustrated by way of example and is not limited by the accompanying figures, in which like references indicate similar elements, unless otherwise noted. Elements in the figures are illustrated for simplicity and clarity and have not necessarily been drawn to scale.1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to a digital broadcasting system, and more particularly to a digital broadcasting system and a data processing method.
2. Discussion of the Related Art
The Vestigial Sideband (VSB) transmission mode, which is adopted as the standard for digital broadcasting in North America and the Republic of Korea, is a system using a single carrier method. Therefore, the receiving performance of the digital broadcast receiving system may be deteriorated in a poor channel environment. Particularly, since resistance to changes in channels and noise is more highly required when using portable and/or mobile broadcast receivers, the receiving performance may be even more deteriorated when transmitting mobile service data by the VSB transmission mode.1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to the storage and retrieval of data on magnetic tape, and more particularly, to a tape drive for automatic insertion, registration and ejection of a tape cartridge of the type having dual hub driven reels and a tape access door on a forward end which pivots about an axis perpendicular to a rigid mount plate of the cartridge.
2. Description of the Related Art
Magnetic tape has long been used as a storage media for audio, video and computer information. Tape cartridges have been used extensively because they provide a convenient way to house and support a length of magnetic tape for engagement by a transducer in a tape drive while protecting the tape upon removal of the cartridge. Tape cartridges with dual reels are widely used because they eliminate the need to thread a leader outside the cartridge or utilize an endless loop single reel arrangement. Examples of dual reel tape cartridges that have been extensively commercialized are the Phillips cassette used for audio recording, the VHS cassette used for video recording, and the DC600 data cartridge used for back-up storage of computer data files stored on hard disk drives. The latter data cartridge is disclosed in U.S. Pat. No. 3,692,255 of Von Behren assigned to Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing Corporation.
An improved magnetic tape cartridge particularly well suited for high capacity computer data storage is disclosed in U.S. Pat. No. 5,294,072 of Don G. East, et al. assigned to International Business Machines Corporation. That cartridge includes dual hub driven reels which lock upon disengagement with drive clutch assemblies and a pivoting tape access door with a pseudo-head for improved tape tension control. This eliminates the need to fully rewind the tape before reading or writing data which delays access to data with cartridges such as those embodying the invention of the aforementioned U.S. Pat. No. 3,692,255.
It would be desirable to provide a tape drive that utilizes the improved magnetic tape cartridge of the aforementioned U.S. Pat. No. 5,294,072. Preferably such a tape drive should include an automatic loader mechanism for fast and reliable insertion, registration and ejection of the improved magnetic tape cartridge. The loader mechanism must also be capable of opening the tape access door and registering a transducer with the tape. It is critical that the loader mechanism accurately register the tape cartridge at unique datum locations to provide repeatability in reading and writing multi-track data recorded at high densities and to enable exchange of data between different drives. The automatic loader mechanism must not be unduly complex in order to minimize failures and reduce manufacturing costs. It must also preferably be small enough to fit within the industry standard and five and one-quarter inch form factor for peripheral storage devices. No prior art tape drive has heretofore been developed with a cartridge loader mechanism adapted to achieve these objectives with the improved magnetic tape cartridge of the aforementioned U.S. Pat. No. 5,294,072.Biologically active proteins including those as therapeutics are typically labile molecules exhibiting short shelf-lives, particularly when formulated in aqueous solutions. In addition, many biologically active peptides and proteins have limited solubility, or become aggregated during recombinant productions, requiring complex solubilization and refolding procedures. Various chemical polymers can be attached to such proteins to modify their properties. Of particular interest are hydrophilic polymers that have flexible conformations and are well hydrated in aqueous solutions. A frequently used polymer is polyethylene glycol (PEG). These polymers tend to have large hydrodynamic radii relative to their molecular weight (Kubetzko, S., et al. (2005) Mol Pharmacol, 68: 1439-54), and can result in enhanced pharmacokinetic properties. Depending on the points of attachment, the polymers tend to have limited interactions with the protein that they have been attached to such that the polymer-modified protein retains its relevant functions. However, the chemical conjugation of polymers to proteins requires complex multi-step processes. Typically, the protein component needs to be produced and purified prior to the chemical conjugation step. In addition, the conjugation step can result in the formation of heterogeneous product mixtures that need to be separated, leading to significant product loss. Alternatively, such mixtures can be used as the final pharmaceutical product, but are difficult to standardize. Some examples are currently marketed PEGylated Interferon-alpha products that are used as mixtures (Wang, B. L., et al. (1998) J Submicrosc Cytol Pathol, 30: 503-9; Dhalluin, C., et al. (2005) Bioconjug Chem, 16: 504-17). Such mixtures are difficult to reproducibly manufacture and characterize as they contain isomers with reduced or no therapeutic activity.
Albumin and immunoglobulin fragments such as Fc regions have been used to conjugate other biologically active proteins, with unpredictable outcomes with respect to increases in half-life or immunogenicity. Unfortunately, the Fc domain does not fold efficiently during recombinant expression and tends to form insoluble precipitates known as inclusion bodies. These inclusion bodies must be solubilized and functional protein must be renatured. This is a time-consuming, inefficient, and expensive process that requires additional manufacturing steps and often complex purification procedures.
Thus, there remains a significant need for compositions and methods that would improve the biological, pharmacological, safety, and/or pharmaceutical properties of a biologically active protein.1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to a blood lancet device which collects a small amount of blood from a human body, and more particularly, to a safety blood lancet device in which a loading operation in an exposed state of a lancet is not allowed, and a loading state of the lancet can be visually checked from the outside, and also it is possible to previously prevent damage of components due to applying of excessive force, when adjusting a penetration depth of a needle of a lancet.
2. Description of the Related Art
A Blood lancet device is primarily used by diabetic patients who are required to regularly check their blood sugar levels, but it is also used in various other fields where the collection of blood samples is required.
The blood lancet device is configured so that a lancet including a body and a needle fixed to the body is inserted therein and the needle penetrates the skin to a predetermined depth by applied elastic force. For example, the blood lancet device is disclosed in Korean Patent No. 10-0820523 and U.S. Pat. No. 4,517,978. In case of these patents, if a button is pressed after the lancet is inserted and a sleeve is pulled back, the lancet is shot forward, and the needle penetrates the skin and is then withdrawn in a flash.
In the general blood lancet device having the above-mentioned configuration, which was sold in the market, a penetration depth of the needle was uniformly fixed. However, since people's skin may have different thicknesses, and also the collection of blood may be performed at different parts of the body, it was necessary to adjust the penetration depth of the needle to the skin.
Therefore, a blood lancet device that could adjust the depth of penetration was developed. Korean Patent No. 10-0820523 and U.S. Pat. No. 5,613,978 show structures of the blood lancet device in detail. In these patents, a user can adjust the penetration depth of the needle to the skin by turning a control tip.
However, in the conventional blood lancet device, since loading and shooting operations may be performed even in an exposed state of a lancet, the lancet may be shot due to user's carelessness, and thus a user and other persons may be injured. Also, it is not possible to check whether the lancet is loaded in an unexposed state of the lancet after loading the lancet.
Also, in the conventional blood lance device, when a user rotates the control tip in order to adjust the penetration depth of the lancet, components of the device may be damaged or separated from each other if excessive force is applied to the control tip, and also patients who will have blood taken may feel psychological fear due to impact sound generated between the components when loading the lancet.
Also, in the conventional blood lance device, since an ultrasonic welding method is employed to manufacture rigid products when assembling the components, it is necessary to prepare separate equipment for ultrasonic welding, and also it is difficult to perform the assembling process while satisfying ultrasonic welding conditions.The following relates to the imaging arts. It finds particular application in single photon emission computed tomography (SPECT) imaging using radioisotopes emitting at multiple energies, and will be described with particular reference thereto. However, it also finds application in SPECT imaging using more than one different radiopharmaceutical, and in other types of nuclear imaging, nuclear spectroscopy, radiation therapy, and so forth.
In SPECT imaging, one or more radiopharmaceuticals are administered to a subject, a gamma camera detects radioactive emissions from the administered one or more radiopharmaceuticals, and the detections are processed to reconstruct an image of the distribution of the one or more radiopharmaceuticals in the subject. For example, the radiopharmaceutical may include a radioisotope attached to a carrier that concentrates in a target organ or other anatomical feature of a human subject, and the reconstructed image is representative of the target organ or other anatomical feature. The administered radiopharmaceutical dosage is typically relatively low, especially in the case of human imaging subjects, and the radioactive emission detections are analyzed using statistical techniques taking into account factors such as scattering, attenuation, and detector efficiency.
If the radiopharmaceutical generates a single emission peak, the scattering, attenuation, detector efficiency, and so forth are readily accounted for using parameters characteristic of the emission energy. However, where the radiopharmaceutical generates different emission peaks (for example, if the radioisotope emits at two or more energies, or if two or more radiopharmaceuticals are used), then accounting for scattering, attenuation, and so forth is difficult. Examples of multiple-peak radiopharmaceuticals include: complexes of In-111, which has main emission peaks at 171 keV and at 245 keV; complexes of Ga-67, which has main emission peaks at 93 keV, 184 keV, and 300 keV; and complexes of Tl-201, which has main emission peaks at 72 keV and 167 keV. Examples of imaging with two or more radiopharmaceuticals at the same time include dual isotope cardiac imaging allowing a stress Tc-99m image to be acquired simultaneously with a rest Tl-201 imaging, or using Tc-99m labeled blood cells to image anatomy while simultaneously using an In-111 complex to image prostate cancer.
Reconstruction of SPECT images from radiopharmaceuticals that produce different energy peaks is complicated by the fact that photons emitted at different energies will be scattered differently, attenuated differently, have different gamma camera detection efficiencies, and so forth. In addition, photons emitted from higher energies can be down-scattered and contaminate the projection data acquired in lower energy windows.
Typically, for multiple-peak isotopes, the gamma camera acquires or bins photons at different energies in a single projection image set, and the reconstruction employs average or approximate parameter values to account for scattering, attenuation, detector efficiency, and so forth. For example, iterative reconstruction methods typically utilize a single set of projections for comparison to estimated activity maps, even if the projections include photons acquired at different energies. Attenuation, scatter, and other compensations are performed by assuming an average or summed value for specific physical properties. Although the reconstructed images are clinically usable, the averaging or approximation degrades the quantitative accuracy of the image. Moreover, if two or more different radiopharmaceuticals are administered, each targeting a functional or molecular compartment and each emitting photons at different peak energies, then reconstruction of a single projection image set does not provide readily distinguishable imaging of the different functional or molecular compartments.To maximize hydrocarbon production, wellbores are routinely steered to desired targets within a formation while being drilled. Accurately delineating the actual path of an existing wellbore, as well as predicting a trajectory that a wellbore being drilled will take, however, has proven difficult. Sensors in the drill string near the bit are used to send positional data uphole. The accuracy of such sensors, however, is affected by adverse conditions encountered downhole. The hydrocarbon recovery industry, therefore, would be receptive to tools that improve the accuracy of determining the location of existing wellbores and the prediction of a trajectory of wellbores during drilling.In an optical communication system, it is generally necessary to couple an optical fiber to an opto-electronic transmitter, receiver or transceiver device and, in turn, to couple the device to an electronic system such as a switching system or processing system. These connections can be facilitated by modularizing the transceiver device. An opto-electronic transceiver module includes an opto-electronic light source, such as a laser, and an opto-electronic light receiver, such as a photodiode, and may also include various electronic circuitry associated with the laser and photodiode. For example, driver circuitry can be included for driving the laser in response to electronic signals received from the electronic system. Likewise, receiver circuitry can be included for processing the signals produced by the photodiode and providing output signals to the electronic system. The electronic and opto-electronic devices can be mounted on a small circuit board or similar substrate inside the transceiver module housing. The circuit board can include an electrical connector for connecting the opto-electronic transceiver to the external electronic system.
In some modular opto-electronic transceiver systems, an optical plug that terminates an optical fiber cable can be plugged into a socket in the transceiver module housing. When coupled to the transceiver module in this manner, the ends of optical fibers in the plug are optically aligned with optics in the opto-electronic transceiver. The optics couple electronic signals between the fibers and the laser and photodiode. A first fiber, which can be referred to as a transmit fiber, is optically coupled to the laser so that optical signals generated by the transceiver module are transmitted via that transmit fiber. A second fiber, which can be referred to as a receive fiber, is optically coupled to the photodiode so that optical signals received via the receive fiber can be received by the transceiver module.
In some opto-electronic transceiver modules, the optical signal path includes a 90-degree turn. For example, the above-described circuit board on which the laser and photodiode are mounted can be oriented perpendicularly or normal to the axes along which the signals are communicated with the optical fibers in the plug. The laser emits the optical transmit signal in a direction normal to the circuit board, and the photodiode receives the optical receive signal from a direction normal to the circuit board. The above-referenced optics in the transceiver module can include a first lens that collimates the optical transmit signal emitted by the laser and a second lens that focuses the optical receive signal upon the photodiode. A mirror or similar reflective element in the transceiver module can redirect the signals emitted by the laser and received by the photodiode at 90-degree angles with respect to the circuit board.
Connector systems have been suggested that include both an optical signal path and an electrical signal path. When the plug connector of such a system is plugged into the socket or receptacle connector of such a system, optical signals can be communicated in parallel with electrical signals between the plug and socket connectors. It has been suggested to provide such a connector system in a configuration similar to a Universal Serial Bus (USB) configuration.The Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) requires the removal of physical obstacles to those who are physically challenged. The stated objective of this legislation has increased public awareness and concern over the requirements of the physically challenged. Consequentially, there has been more emphasis in providing systems that assist such a person to access a vehicle, such as a bus, van, or train.
A common manner of providing the physically challenged with access to vehicles is a ramp. Various ramp operating systems for vehicles are known in the art. Some ramps slide out from underneath the floor of the vehicle and tilt down. Others, known as foldout ramps, stow horizontally within a recess in the vehicle floor and pivot upward and outward to a downward-sloping position. Further, others are stowed in a vertical position and are pivoted about a hinge, while still others are supported by boom and cable assemblies.
Fold out ramps on vehicles confront a variety of technical problems. Longer ramps are desirable because the resulting slope is more gradual and more accessible by wheelchair-bound passengers. Longer ramps are, however, heavier and require more torque about the pivot axis to be reciprocated between deployed and stowed positions. Also, the ramp length is typically limited by the space available in the vehicle. Further, as briefly described above, fold out ramps require a recess or well in the vehicle's vestibule floor in which to store the retracted/stowed ramp. The recess or well, as well as the location of the vehicle chassis can present installation challenges that can result in ramp operability problems.The dynamic random access memory (DRAM) market shows a growing need for DRAM products that consume very little power. DRAM products that consume very little power in a standby mode in a mobile application, such as in a cellular phone or other portable electronic device, are especially in demand. A DRAM memory cell needs to be refreshed during standby mode to maintain the information stored in the memory cell. An increase in the time between refreshes of memory cells reduces the amount of power consumed by the memory cells in a standby mode. The time between refreshes of memory cells is limited by the data retention time of the memory cells. Since the time between refreshes is the same for all memory cells in an array of memory cells, the refresh limit is based on the data retention time not of the average memory cell in the array of memory cells, but of the worst memory cell in the array of memory cells.
Using two memory cells to store a single bit of data significantly increases the data retention time. The data retention time increases since there is a high probability that a bad memory cell will be combined with an average memory cell. The resulting combined data retention time will then be much closer to the average data retention time. It is advantageous, however, to test and repair a memory using a single cell configuration to find and replace the worst cells based on single cell test results so that the worst cells are identified more easily and the redundancy in the array of memory cells is used more effectively.
For low power and/or battery powered applications, such as cellular phones and other portable electronic devices, memories that conserve power are desired. These memories may include dynamic random access memories (DRAMs), synchronous dynamic random access memories (SDRAMs), double data rate synchronous dynamic random access memories (DDR SDRAMs), double data rate II synchronous dynamic random access memories (DDR2 SDRAMs), pseudo static random access memories (PSRAMs), cellular random access memories (Cellular RAMs), and mobile random access memories (Mobile RAMs).The present invention relates broadly to forming ad hoc networks with radio transceivers based on common designations of the transceivers and, in particular, to forming ad hoc networks and distributed databases with radio transceivers in an asset-tracking system based on asset class designations of the transceivers.
Wireless ad hoc networks allow node-to-node communication without central control or wired infrastructure. Such networks may have dynamic, randomly-changing, multihop topologies composed of wireless data communication links between the nodes. Ad hoc networks are advantageous because they are inexpensive, fault-tolerant, and flexible. Various known methods relate to data transmission within an ad hoc wireless data communication network. However, most known methods do not address self-configuration of wireless nodes for the formation and maintenance of efficient network topology.
Known ad hoc networking methods typically organize the network on the basis of geographic proximity of the nodes or the strength of signals received by the various nodes. Known methods of ad hoc network organization also require nodes to regularly transmit network information to all other nodes in the network, which results in increased radio traffic and interference. Increased radio interference inhibits the formation and maintenance of ad hoc networks having a large number of nodes and requires nodes to transmit at a greater power, which reduces their battery life.
Short range wireless technology such as the Bluetooth(™) radio standard promises to remove price barriers to mobile network use. By doing so, wireless devices are becoming available for applications where wired networks have been impracticable and in which prior wireless communication networks have been too expensive or inflexible. Communication between transceivers in accordance with Bluetooth standards is at a frequency of about 2.4 GHz. While Bluetooth radio technology is an ad hoc networking solution for personal data applications, it provides for only a limited number of communication channels, thereby restricting the number of Bluetooth devices that can communicate over an ad hoc network at any given time.
With regard to asset tracking, wireless data networks are known for use in warehouse management and other asset-tracking applications. However, existing wireless data network technologies are not well suited to asset tracking, which involves a large number of network nodes (e.g., hundreds or even thousands). Furthermore, existing wireless technologies are cost prohibitive, are prone to radio frequency (RF) interference, and consume a large amount of electrical power. Accordingly, wireless data networks are not commonly used in asset tracking.
It will therefore be apparent that needs exist: for an improved low cost networking technology that has the benefits of the Bluetooth price and flexibility, but that overcomes the limited networking capacity of typical Bluetooth technology; for more efficient methods of forming, organizing, and maintaining ad hoc wireless networks; and for a wireless data network technology that accommodates a large number of nodes, reduces RF interference, and consumes less power. The present invention relates to one or more of these needs.Surgical devices are used in various open, endoscopic, and laparoscopic surgeries to transect tissue volumes and blood vessels. The devices generally include jaws for grasping tissue therebetween and a cutting mechanism that is advanced through the grasped tissue to transect it. The cutting mechanism can be designed to travel within a track formed in one or both jaws of the device. In some instances the devices can also be used to seal tissue volumes and blood vessels being transected. Electrodes can be disposed on a face of one or both of the jaws and can apply energy to the grasped tissue to promote hemostasis.
Further, the devices can generally include a handle with a closure actuator used to open and close the jaws, and a shaft allowing for mechanical linkage between the handle and the jaws. Some of these surgical devices incorporate mechanical linkages between a closure actuator and the jaws such that when a user manipulates the closure actuator, e.g., by manually squeezing a trigger, the jaws close.
One issue that can plague tissue cutting devices is that the cutting mechanism and jaws, including the electrode, need to be cleaned or replaced prior to reuse. More particularly, blades can become worn, dull, and should be replaced, and dirt and debris can build up between the jaws, and thus the jaws need to be cleaned and sterilized, or replaced. Existing devices are difficult to clean and sterilize for reuse because it can be complicated and cumbersome to clean, remove, and replace their parts. As a result, often the entire end effector is replaced prior to a subsequent surgical use.
Accordingly, there remains a need for improved surgical devices and methods for compressing tissue and sensing tissue and other objects grasped by the device including surgical devices that can be easily cleaned and/or elements of the device that can be easily replaced.A driving mechanism designed to drive in an upward-downward direction a suction nozzle for suction-holding a component is provided in, for example, component transfer apparatuses for handling components such as an electronic component, or manufacturing apparatuses for manufacturing a semiconductor device, a liquid-crystal display device, and others. A linear motor is employed as an element of such the driving mechanism. Demands for this type of linear motor have been increasing year by year. Particularly, there has been a growing need for a high-performance linear motor. To meet such a need, a linear motor, which is suitable for a component transfer apparatus, for example, has been proposed (see, for example, the following Patent Document 1).
Generally, a conventional linear motor has a cuboid housing with a wall thickness sufficient for mechanical strength. The housing contains a plurality of annular-shaped coils each having a hollow hole. These coils are arranged such that central axes of the hollow holes thereof align along a longitudinal direction of the housing to form a stator as a whole. Also, through-holes are formed in each of upper and lower walls of the housing to have a size slightly greater than that a diameter of a driving shaft so as to movably receive the driving shaft. Aligned coils as a stator are fixed to position hollow holes thereof to be concentric to each of the through-holes. The driving shaft as a mover, which is composed of a permanent magnet, is inserted into the through-holes and the hollow holes of the aligned coils to penetrate through the aligned coils concentrically.                Patent Document 1: JP 2006-180645A (FIGS. 5 and 8)        1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to a back for a shoe, and more particularly to a pivotal back for a sandal style shoe to make the sandal style shoe convenient to wear.
2. Description of Related Art
A conventional sandal style shoe with a back usually has at least one strap attached to the back to securely hold the sandal on a user""s foot. A fastening device is attached to the at least one strap to release or secure the sandal style shoe.
One fastening devices used is a buckle composed of a frame and a tongue attached to a first strap. Multiple holes are defined in line on a second strap to selectively hold the tongue and attach the second strap to the buckle. When the user wears the sandal style shoe, the second strap must passes through one side of the frame and the tongue is selectively inserted into a desired hole. Then, the second strap passes through the other side of the frame to fasten the buckle, and the sandal style shoe is firmly mounted on the user""s foot. However, wearing a sandal style shoe having a buckle is troublesome and wastes time, even when taking the sandal style shoe off.
Another fastening device is VELCRO composed of two different nylon fabrics detachably connecting to each other. The two nylon fabrics are secured on a first strap and a second strap respectively and are disengaged easily by pulling them apart. Therefore, the straps are engaged or disengaged conveniently when VELCRO is used as the fastening device. However, the straps having no elasticity cannot be adjusted because the two nylon fabrics of the VELCRO are always attached to set positions relative to each other. Moreover, the VELCRO easily loses its ability to hold securely when the two nylon fabric are separated many times and wore out.
To overcome the shortcomings, the present invention provides a pivotal back for a sandal style shoe to mitigate and obviate the aforementioned problems.
The main objective of the invention is to provide a pivotal back for a sandal style shoe to make the sandal style shoe convenient to put on or remove.
Objectives, advantages and novel features of the invention will become more apparent from the following detailed description when taken in conjunction with the accompanying drawings.Mobile devices have batteries. Cell phones, laptop computers, and tablets are all available with a rechargeable battery. When the battery is drained, the battery is recharged for continued use.Air sorting and/or air screening is applied in sorting and screening machines for sorting and/or screening grain, seeds, and similar materials in order to separate from the materials chaff, husks, shells, empty grains and other light materials which are included in the row material but should not be present in the good product. It is of course important to perform this sorting or screening operation as effectively as possible. This requires a strong air flow but on the other hand the air flow cannot be allowed to rise to any high level because the good grains which shall be included in the good product and comprise the heavier particles of the row material, in that case will also be carried away by the air current. Thus, it is a matter of adjusting very accurately the air flow such that at the most single grains only of the good product are carried away by the air current; then, it is pretty sure that there will be obtained an effective separation of the lighter materials which one want to get rid of although it is achieved at the cost of some loss, though a small one, of good product.
The air flow accordingly must be set accurately and carefully, and it may be necessary to adjust from time to time the setting, initially made, when the sorting or screening machine is operating, and it may also be necessary of course to use different settings for different types of material. This means that the machine when operating requires supervision by a skilled person if one does not want to run the risk of too high a loss of good product or, alternatively, will not be satisfied with an inferior sorting or screening result due to an air flow which is too strong or too light, respectively.The present invention is related to spinal fixation and stabilization systems in general and to intervertebral implant systems for promoting arthrodesis in particular.
Stabilization of vertebrae relative to each other, primarily for the purposes of indirect nerve decompression and fusion (arthrodesis), is an well-accepted surgical objective. To date, most methods entail a two staged process of intervertebral distraction and then subsequent interposition of either a cortical bone graft or an inorganic implant to maintain the relative position of the vertebrae during the healing phase of arthrodesis.
Many variations of this basic surgical technique exist. Unfortunately, these systems often require considerable time and effort for successful implant placement. This is frequently due to the fact that such systems typically require both excessive surgical tissue dissection and mechanical vertebral distraction such that the various stabilization component(s) of the system can be successfully positioned in a patient""s intervertebral space.
In addition, the dimensional constraints typically imposed by access considerations are often in conflict with the desire to place the largest implant possible to support the loads transmitted across the vertebral endplates. Specifically, the larger the implant inserted, the greater the amount of resulting tissue damage both in the intervertebral space, and in the surrounding tissues.
An additional problem with many intervertebral implant devices is that they do not confer a proper lordotic relationship between the vertebrae, either as a consequence of their geometry or their insertion method.
The present invention provides an intervertebral implant system, comprising; a plurality of implants, each implant having at least one hole passing therethrough; and an elongated member dimensioned to pass through the holes in each of the plurality of implants. In a preferred method, the plurality of intervertebral implants are positioned in a patient""s intervertebral space by; introducing the elongated member into the patient""s intervertebral space; and sequentially advancing a plurality of intervertebral implants over the elongated member and into the patient""s intervertebral space.
In preferred aspects of the invention, the elongated member comprises a cord, string, tether or suture which is used to hold together the plurality of intervertebral implants such that together they form an implant assembly which is positioned between two adjacent vertebrae.
In preferred aspects, each of the intervertebral implants have ends which are angled such that when the implants are pulled or pushed together, they will tend to form a generally C-shaped assembly, which may easily be positioned between two vertebral endplates around the curved perimeter of the patient""s intervertebral space.
As will be explained, another advantage of the present system is that the degree of curvature exhibited by the C-shaped implant assembly can itself be selected by selecting implants which are dimensioned with their ends being disposed at preferred angles.
Another important advantage of the present system is that it can be deployed through a narrow operating cannula. As such, the present system advantageously permits the placement of a load supporting implant assembly over a large area between two of the patient""s vertebrae, but without requiring that a large diameter access portal pass through the patient and into the patient""s intervertebral space.
Therefore, the present system is ideally suited to be introduced into a patient in a minimally invasive surgical procedure, with minimal disturbance to the soft musculature and ligament tissue structures in the spinal region. In contrast, the placement of existing intervertebral implant systems typically compromises such tissues.
Another important advantage of the present system is that it provides an assembly (comprising a plurality of intervertebral implants) which can easily be positioned around the curved perimeter of the patient""s intervertebral surface, such that the assembly is positioned on the denser portion of the vertebral endplates (i.e.: the perimeter) to provide enhanced support between the two adjacent vertebrae.
In an optional preferred aspect, at least some of the plurality of individual intervertebral implants have top and bottom surfaces which are angled to one another such that the plurality of intervertebral implants form an assembly which tapers in a lordotic angle when the implants are abutted together end-to-end. Therefore, another advantage of the present system is that the overall implant assembly can preferably be shaped to provide a proper lordotic angle between the adjacent vertebrae when positioned therebetween.
In various optional aspects of the invention, a positioning rod can be used to position each of the separate implants. In one aspect, the separate implants are pushed tightly together, such that they form a C-shaped assembly.
In additional aspects, the elongated member passing through each of the implants can be withdrawn or tightened such that the individual implants are tightened together to abut tightly against one another end-to-end.
As will be explained, an operating cannula(e) and a surgical guideframe for positioning the operating cannula(e) may also preferably by used.
Other advantages of the present system include reduction both in the amount of vertebral distraction and tissue dissection required, thereby decreasing surgical time, complexity and trauma to the patient.The present invention generally relates to an automated delivery of physical mail packages, and more specifically, to a method, system and computer program product for automatically delivering and collecting physical mail to a first secure mailbox using unmanned aerial vehicles.
Mail package delivery and reception may be complicated for those outside their homes due to work or travel. In general, a recipient of physical mail may be required to be physically present to receive mail packages. Additionally, delivery services may indicate a time span during which they may deliver the physical package instead of a fixed time and date. As a consequence, recipients may need to waste valuable time waiting for the package to be delivered.
Attempts have been made to deliver packages by unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV) or drones. However, the drones may deliver the mail packages at a specified location without any control that the package was delivered to the right person. In addition, the service may not solve the problem of sending packages in a safe manner, since they may be generally brought to a regular post office for distribution. Moreover, some drone systems may allow package delivery only to a central station where the delivery to the correct mailbox is managed using a simple barcode. This, may not allow sending and receiving packages via drones to people not served by the central station.Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to a decoration panel and method for manufacturing a decoration panel.
Priority is claimed on Japanese Patent Application No. 2014-201153, filed Sep. 30, 2014, the content of which is incorporated herein by reference.
Description of Related Art
In the related art, a manufacturing method of a decoration panel is known in which a through hole is formed in part of an outer layer of a stacked body formed by superimposing a plurality of layers which are different from each other, and an inner layer is designed to be seen through the through hole of the outer layer (for example, refer to U.S. Pat. No. 6,633,019 B1).
In the method disclosed in U.S. Pat. No. 6,633,019 B1, part of the outer layer is removed from a composite body formed by stacking the outer layer and the inner layer via laser processing such that the through hole having a predetermined design pattern is formed in the outer layer. When the outer layer of the stacked body is removed using the laser processing or the like according to the technology disclosed in U.S. Pat. No. 6,633,019 B1, the inner layer seen through the through hole of the outer layer is exposed into the shape of a flat surface in a position lower than the outermost surface of the outer layer.
In addition, in Japanese Unexamined Patent Application, First Publication No. 2003-326897, performing injection molding with respect to a decorative material having a window hole to which an inlay member can be inserted from a back side after filling the window hole with an inlay member is disclosed as a method for efficiently producing a decoration panel having an inlay pattern.
In the technology disclosed in U.S. Pat. No. 6,633,019 B1, the outer surface of the inner layer which can be seen through the through hole of the outer layer is a monotonous flat surface, and freedom of design is low. In the technology disclosed in Japanese Unexamined Patent Application, First Publication No. 2003-326897, it takes a long time to fill the window hole with the inlay member, or it is necessary to accurately match the dimensions of the inlay member and the window hole, and thus productivity is low.The present invention relates to a safety harness for children carried in automobiles.
It is well known that if there is an impact or sudden stop, the passengers in an automobile are propelled violently towards the front of the vehicle.
In order to lessen bodily injuries sustained by passengers, vehicles are generally equipped with safety belts in the front seats.
However, if a child occupies the seat next to the driver such safety belts are incapable of fulfilling this purpose.
As regards the rear seats, these are not generally provided with any safety device for preventing the passengers being propelled forwards following an impact.
With regard to children occupying the rear seats, which is generally the case, they are not held in by any means, which can have serious consequences.The invention is directed to a process and apparatus for coating fuel, fertile material and/or absorber material containing particles with pyrolytic carbon and/or pyrolytic carbides by introducing thermally cleavable gases into the hot reaction space of a fluidized bed unit at temperatures above 1000.degree. C. Such particles are inserted into fuel elements or absorber elements as fuels or as absorbers for neutron absorption, which fuel elements or absorber elements are inserted in nuclear reactors, particularly in high temperature reactors.
Fuel elements for high temperature reactors generally consist of carbon as the structural material in which there is introduced the fuel and fertile material in the form of coated particles. These coated particles are spherical small particles of carbides and/or oxides of fuel and/or fertile materials, especially of uranium and thorium, also called heavy metal kernels which are coated with layers of pyrolytic carbon, sometimes also with layers of silicon carbide (J. L. Kaae, Journal of Nuclear Materials 29 (1969), 249-266).
In a given case coated absorber particles also are introduced into the fuel elements or into particular absorber elements. The coated absorber particles have a nucleus consisting of barium carbide or other boron compounds, e.g., borides, or other absorber compounds, e.g., hafnium carbide.
The production of the coated particles generally takes place by coating the heavy metal kernels in fluidized bed units. For this purpose the kernels are heated at a high temperature in a vertically standing graphite tube which is closed at the bottom with a conical or flat shaped perforated or fritted bottom. Carrier gas, usually argon is blown in through the bottom and so the particle charge is held in motion. The cleavable gas, e.g., a hydrocarbon gas, necessary for the coating is sometimes directly blown in through holes in the bottom of the bed, but is usually introduced through water cooled nozzles consisting of a nozzle tip with an elongated inlet tube, which is fitted into the bottom of the bed. The hydrocarbon is pyrolytically decomposed in the hot fluidized layer of the heavy metal kernels whereby the carbon is deposited as a layer on the particles and the hydrogen is removed with the waste gas (P. Koss, Ber. der Deutschen Keramischen Ges. 43 (1966), No. 3, pages 239-245).
Besides hydrocarbon gases there have also been employed other thermally cleavable gases in order to deposit other materials as coating on the kernels. Thus for the production of pyrolytic silicon carbide coatings there is generally used trimethyl chlorosilane and for depositing zirconium carbide coatings, zirconium chloride is employed. These thermally cleavable gases generally are diluted with an inert gas for the production of a suitable reaction result. The inert gas simultaneously serves in the fluidized bed as the carrier gas or as a supplement to the additionally introduced carrier gas for fluidizing the fluidized bed.
Besides the introduction of coating gases through the bottom of the fluidized bed recently good coating results have also been produced by introducing the coating gases into the fluidized layer from above via a water cooled lance of nozzles (German Offenlegungsschrift No. 2 343 123 and related Huschka U.S. application Ser. No. 500,017 filed Aug. 23, 1974) and now U.S. Pat. No. 3,056,641. The entire disclosure of the Huschka U.S. application is hereby incorporated by reference and relied upon.
In order to guarantee a trouble-free progress of the coating process the coating gas must be introduced into the fluidized bed below its decomposition temperature, since otherwise the gas inlet openings quickly clog up. The coating temperature in the fluidized bed is above 1000.degree. C., usually at about 1200.degree. to 2000.degree. C., and the gas inlet nozzle is in direct thermal contact with the solid likewise hot bottom of the reaction tube. FIG. 1 shows an illustrative form of such a prior art water cooled gas inlet nozzle. As a rule the gas inlet nozzle is made of metals whose melting point is below the coating temperature. As an exception customarily there is only the nozzle tip which, e.g., is made of molybdenum.
In such a fluidized bed the gas inlet nozzles assume the following functions.
They must center the reaction tube 2 with the bottom 1 in the hot tube 3, carry the weight of the reaction tube 2, the bottom 1 and the fluidized bed 4, guarantee a sufficiently tight sealing of the reaction space between the head 5 of the nozzles and the bottom 1 so that it is possible to introduce the carrier gas via the annular gap 6 in the fluidized bed 4 and the introduction of the coating gas, in a given case also the coating gas-carrier gas mixture, into the hot fluidized bed without inadmissably high heating of the coating gas, which depends on a sufficient removal of contact and radiation heat.
Furthermore, such gas inlet nozzles generally have an inner gas inlet tube 8 for the coating gas which is surrounded by the carrier gas inlet tube whose outer surface is cooled with the help of the conduit pipe 10 for the cooling water. Externally the gas inlet nozzle is closed by the metal outer jacket 9.
In the hitherto customary constructions for gas inlet nozzles these functions can be completely assumed so long as there is provision for a sufficient removal of heat. Because of the very high specific thermal loading per unit of surface between the hot reaction tube bottom and the head 5 of the nozzles it was hitherto believed a sufficient cooling could only be produced with water. The use of other cooling media had little success.
A particular danger for the previous fluidized bed furnace units, particularly for the gas inlet nozzle, is if the cooling water provision fails since the amount of heat stored in the hot furnace parts (reaction tube, bottom, hot tube, fluidized materials) is sufficient to heat the gas inlet nozzle up to the region of the melting temperature even if immediately after the failure of the cooling water the furnace heating is disconnected.
Furthermore in the production and processing of nuclear fuels, as is known, the nuclear physically permissible amounts of fissile material which can be handled in a container or apparatus of arbitrary geometry, the so-called safe amount, is greatly limited by the presence of a moderator, e.g., water. In fluidized bed furnace units with water cooled gas inlet nozzles there must always be reckoned with the danger of a water break and the flooding of the fissile material with water. Therewith, the per charge coatable amount of heavy metal kernels is limited to a specific size by the water cooling, which in the previously stated geometry by the coating process otherwise is only dependent on the type and composition of the heavy metal.
To avoid this limitation it has recently been proposed to employ in place of water as the fluid coating medium carbon compounds containing chlorine and fluorine which are used many times in cooling and climate control. However, these materials are basically poorer heat conductors than water and have the disadvantage that they are thermally decomposed to a certain extent at the high temperature present. A further disadvantage is that these materials form decomposition products because of the impossibility of entirely excluding leakage in the hot reaction space, which act corrosively on the apparatus parts located in the waste gas tract. The danger of corrosion is particularly injurious in units in which fuels and fuel elements are produced in a reprocessing plant operated at a distance from a fissionable fuel in a high temperature reactor and obtained from fertile material and subsequently worked up, since in such a plant all maintenance operations are very difficult and expensive. In reprocessing plants there is the additional disadvantage that the chlorine-fluorine containing cooling media also decomposes by the radioactive radiation of the fluidized material.
Therefore, it was the problem of the invention to coat particles for the production of fuel elements and/or absorber elements for nuclear reactors by introducing thermally cleavable gases without their premature decomposition into the hot reaction space, i.e., above 1000.degree. C., of a fluidized bed unit with the help of a gas inlet nozzle cooled with a cooling medium and having an elongated inlet tube without cooling which prevents a premature decomposition of the gases bringing with it a substantial limitation on the amount of fuel kernels added because of the nuclear physically safe conditions or the danger of a corrosive effect by the cooling medium or its decomposition products.The present invention relates to locomotive headlight assemblies and more particularly to a headlight assembly that includes a controller that determines which of several current paths through a resistive control switch has been selected and controls light intensity as a function of the selected current path.
A locomotive requires one or more large headlights in order to illuminate a track in front of a train for warning and safety purposes. Most locomotive headlight systems have been designed so that the headlight or headlights can be driven with different currents to generate light with two or three different intensities. For instance, when on an open track in the country, the headlights may be driven with a very high intensity to provide warning far in front of the locomotive that a train is approaching while locomotives used in a city or in a work yard may be driven at a medium or low intensity.
Most known locomotive headlight system configurations include one or more incandescent-type headlights linked to a power source through a control switch where the control switch is controllable to adjust current applied to the headlight thereby controlling headlight light intensity. For instance, in at least some cases the control switch will include three current paths between an input node linked to the source and an output node linked to the headlight. Each path has a different resistance value which affects the amount of current that passes through that path when the control switch selects the path.
Several problems exist with headlight systems like those described above. First, when a locomotive headlight fails, the headlight has to be replaced prior to using the locomotive. While replacement is typically a relatively simple process, sometimes replacement headlights may not be readily available resulting in locomotive down time (i.e., a locomotive cannot be used when a headlight malfunctions). Trains only generate revenue when they are running and therefore any down time is extremely costly.
Second, incandescent type locomotive headlights require a large amount of power and therefore are relatively costly to drive when compared to other types of headlights.
Third, electrical systems in locomotives vary appreciably and the variance affects the amount of current delivered to headlights in different locomotive setups. For instance, in many cases two or more locomotives may be linked together at the front of a train and, in many cases, any one of the linked locomotives may be used to drive and control the headlights at the front of the train. For example, where first, second and third locomotives are linked at the front of a train, each of the three locomotives will have its own power source and electrical system and any one of the locomotives may be used to drive and control the front headlights. Here, while the power sources on each of the three locomotives will have similar output, often times the outputs vary somewhat so that current delivered at any of the selectable output levels may vary somewhat. For instance, when a control switch selects the high light intensity, depending on the source output level, the high intensity currents may be different thus resulting in different headlight intensities.
Exacerbating the intensity control problem, the total resistive drop between driving source and headlight(s) depends on which power source is used to drive the headlights. For instance, in the case of three linked locomotives, where the first locomotive source is used to drive a headlight, current from the first source only has to pass through the first locomotive's electrical system. Where the second locomotive source is used to drive the headlight, current from the second source has to pass through the first and second locomotive electrical systems and the resistive drop is greater. Where the third locomotive source is used to drive the headlight, current from the third source has to pass through the first, second and third locomotive electrical systems and the resistive drop is even greater. The different resistive drops affect the output light intensities.
One solution suggested for solving the problems described above has been to provide LED based locomotive headlight assemblies. As known in the art LED headlights typically last far longer than incandescent type headlights and use less power. In addition, a controller can be provided for an LED headlight to precisely control the amount of current provided to the LEDs that comprise the headlight and therefore to control the intensity of the headlight. These controllers can be used to adjust headlight intensity to be high, medium or low.
While it would be useful to replace incandescent type headlights with LED based headlights in locomotives, one impediment to such use is that a headlight control system for switching between high, medium and lower intensities is required. Ideally the existing resistive control switch could be employed so that additional components are not required. Unfortunately, existing resistive control switches simply rely on changes in current through a switch to adjust headlight intensity. Because the current levels used for incandescent lights are far greater than currents required to drive LEDs, existing resistive control switches alone cannot be used to drive an LED headlight.
Another solution would be to install a completely different headlight control system that can deliver intensity command signals to a headlight. While this solution would work, this solution is likely cost prohibitive as it would require additional hardware and installation time.This invention relates to a sequential logic circuit and, more particularly, to a multi-functional sequential logic circuit comprising semiconductor integrated circuits.
A block diagram of a typical sequential logic circuit is shown in FIG. 1. This circuit comprises of a preceding logic means 1, a logic memory means 2, and a succeeding logic means 3. A flip-flop circuit is usually utilized for the logic memory means 2, and a logic gate or a ROM is usually utilized for the preceding logic means 1 and the succeeding logic means 3. The preceding logic means 1 is supplied with two input signals, that is, an external INPUT 4 from an external circuit (not shown), and a logic state 5 from the logic memory means 2. With these two input signals, a logic calculation is executed so that the preceding logic means 1 generates a new logic state 6 and the content of the logic memory means 2 is rewritten with the generated new logic state. On the other hand, the logic state 5 is also given to the succeeding logic means 3. Then the succeeding logic means 3 outputs an OUTPUT 7 which is obtained from the logic state signal 5 through a predetermined logic calculation. Thus the sequential logic circuit decides the next logic state always depending on the present logic state and the external INPUT.
As each of the preceding logic means 1 and the succeeding logic means 3 is made up of a logic gate or a ROM, a logic calculation executed in each logic means is defined by an arrangement of the logic gate or the content of the ROM. In conclusion, the function of the whole sequential logic circuit is defined unequivocally by them. When a user wants to operate the sequential logic circuit with another function, a rearrangement of the logic gates or a change of the ROM is required. Even if the desired function slightly differs from the present function, the whole circuit need to be changed. The change requires considerable time and labor. In order to give a multi-function to the sequential logic circuit, the whole circuit becomes large and complex because an individual arrangement of logic circuits or an individual ROM have to be provided for each function.Along with remarkable advances of computers and networks in recent years, many kinds of information such as text data, image data, audio data, and the like are stored or transmitted in the networks. Among these data, an image, especially, a multi-valued image contains a very large volume of information, and upon storing and transmitting such image, the image data size becomes huge. For this reason, storage and transmission of an image use high-efficiency coding that reduces the data size by removing redundancy of an image or changing the contents of an image to a degree at which deterioration of image quality is not visually recognizable.
As an example of the high-efficiency coding, JPEG recommended by ISO and ITU-T as an international standard coding scheme of still image is prevalently used. JPEG specifies several coding schemes in correspondence with use purposes of encoded data of images to be encoded, and roughly has two modes, i.e., a DCT use mode that uses discrete cosine transformation and aims at irreversible coding, and a spatial mode that aims at reversible coding on the basis of two-dimensional DPCM.
A detailed description of these modes will be omitted since these modes are described in ITU-T Recommendation T.81 | ISO/IEC 10918-1 and the like. The DCT mode controls the bit rate by changing the quantization step in quantization, and must give a large quantization step to set a low target bit rate. As a result, especially under a low-bit rate condition, the reproduced image is distorted beyond an allowable level due to quantization.
Also, JPEG specifies hierarchical coding. In hierarchical coding, a plurality of images having different resolutions are generated by reducing an input image in a plurality of scales like ½, ¼, . . . in both the horizontal and vertical directions, and an image having the lowest resolution is encoded and transmitted like a normal image.
In this hierarchical coding, the DCT and spatial modes can be used. If hierarchical coding is implemented as reversible coding, since the spatial mode is used for all the scales or only the last scale, and the DCT mode is used for all other scales, an apparatus must comprise a circuit or program that can implement both the two modes, resulting in a complicated apparatus.
As a scheme that can combat these problems, a coding scheme using discrete wavelet transformation has been proposed. Such coding scheme using discrete wavelet transformation is advantageous since it assures higher compression performance than the DCT mode, can implement hierarchical coding in JPEG in a single system, and so forth.
On the other hand, requirements for image compression coding are becoming increasingly stricter, and even for a binary image such as a text image which is conventionally encoded by another scheme, a decoded image is required to have higher image quality. However, with the conventional scheme, both natural and binary images or an image including these images cannot be restored, while assuring sufficiently high image quality of the decoded image.1. Field of Invention
The present invention relates to modular overload protectors for communication systems, and in particular, to modules that include; overvoltage protection utilizing solid state devices and line identification.
2. Discussion of the Relevant Art
In communication systems, such as telephone systems, it is necessary to position overload protectors at various positions to protect sensitive parts of the system and to protect equipment connected to the line from lightning strikes or other causes of overvoltage appearing on the communication lines. Typically these overvoltage protection devices incorporated the carbon block type which provided parallel air gaps. However, the carbon block protector during normal operation on the communication line could cause static to appear on the line and thus, the gas tube type surge protectors replaced them. These devices generally used back up protection, which utilized thermally sensitive plastics that were assembled with spring pressure on them and thus, when overheated would yield and short the communication terminal line to ground.
With the inherent desire to protect the communication equipment several different types of protectors have been used over the years, each including thermally active members, which when overheated cause the line terminals to short to ground. Initially the thermally sensitive material was a low temperature melting solder pellet, which when melted because of the extreme heat caused by an overvoltage, would permit the assembly in some manner to short the line terminal to ground. Further improvements in the state of the art replaced the solder pellet used with the gas filled tube. Still further improvements of the protection devices, which proved to be more reliable, utilized a back-up air gap together with the thermally sensitive material for overheating protection in the assemblies that provides provide protection of the line if the gas tube associated therewith for some reason vented its gas.
However, all of the devices known in the prior art required that the technician in replacing any of the components after a lightning strike or overvoltage condition to carefully replace the components as it was originally assembled so that the protection would be restored. This type of assembly work performed in the field proved to be a handicap and thus, it was found more desirable to provide a device which is completely sealed and when it has provided its useful protection, is just thrown away and replaced with a new unit. This, of course, became feasible only with the advent of inexpensive thermally sensitive plastics and/or inexpensive solid state protection devices together with a new type of construction which reduced the cost of the protection device.
However, it has been determined that the sealing material sometimes referred to as a potting or encapsulating material, generally composed of some type of epoxy compound was found to interfere with the operation of the solid state surge arrester thereby making the apparatus less reliable so that a protective housing was needed to protect the solid state surge arresters from contamination.
Therefore, it is an object of the present invention to provide a miniature station protector module for communication systems which is completely sealed and may be disposed of once it has served its purpose for protecting the communication line.
It is another object of the present invention to provide a miniature station protector module which combines all of the features of the earlier type devices including fail-safe shorting, highly stable and efficient, as well as being inexpensive to manufacture.
It is still a further object of the present invention to provide a miniature station protector module which utilizes a solid state protector device.
It is yet another object of the present invention to provide a miniature station protector module, as described above, which further includes a protective housing to protect the solid state surge protector from contamination because it comes into contact with the sealing or potting material.
The foregoing and other objects and advantages will appear from the description to follow. In the description reference is made to the accompanying drawing which forms a part hereof and in which is shown by way of illustration a specific embodiment in which the invention may be practiced. These embodiments will be described in sufficient detail to enable those skilled in the art to practice the invention, and it is to be understood that other embodiments may be utilized and that structural changes may be made without departing from the spirit and scope of the invention. The following detailed description is, therefore, not to be taken in a limited sense, and the scope of the present invention is best defined by the appended claims.1. Field of the Invention
The present invention generally relates to security of consumer goods and, more particularly, to the use of smart tags in maintaining product security.
2. Background Description
There is a need for certain products to be equipped with some apparatus which can provide information about the current state of the product as a result of events the product was subjected to prior to becoming in the possession of a potential consumer. Examples include the state of medical or food products prior to their being used by a consumer.
Also, consumers sometimes have the right and/or the need to know whether a product is brand new or not. This is especially true of expensive items. There is also a need for a product to be equipped by some apparatus which can record some aspects of the product history, for example in the case of automobiles where today odometers indicate, not very securely, one aspect of the history of the automobile.
Another context for the invention is the fact that, in some cases, the containers of some products are reused by the manufacturer, and the consumer would like to know if the product in the container is new or not, and if the container has been reused by a third, unauthorized, party. There is also a need for a method to detect whether the product has deteriorated, either because of defects, or because its expiration date has passed, or because of unwanted change in the environment, for instance in the form of excessive cold, heat or humidity. These scenarios require an apparatus which can detect the physical forces a product was subjected to as a result of use, handling, tampering or environmental factors. For either human intervention or environmental factors, it may be important in some circumstances that the recorded history of such events be very difficult to modify or counterfeit.
The prior art contains many methods involving seals and enclosures which allow one to detect when a package has been tampered with. Such prior art go way back in history, and a multitude of improvements, with very general or very specific uses, have been proposed which benefit from the general progress of technology. For example, U.S. Pat. No. 5,159,629 to Glen P. Double and Steve H. Weingart describes an intrusion barrier for protecting an electronic assembly from tampering. The prior art also contains methods of recording chronological information such as a data logger which stores information on a product as described in U.S. Pat. No. 5,010,560 to Mark A. Janney, Roger Newey, and Irwin J. Robinson.
However, these methods do not overcome the problem of providing a tamper evident history of a product and/or of its environment. The prior art does not allow the information about the history of a product and/or of its environment to be securely recorded and kept.
It is therefore an object of the present invention to provide a novel improvement on the prior art of tamper evident packaging which can detect when a product has been tampered with and resists the efforts of a tamperer, or anyone else who would benefit from hiding the tampering, or to hide the signs of tampering.
In the following, terms such as xe2x80x9cimpossible to changexe2x80x9d or xe2x80x9ctamper-proofxe2x80x9d should be understood to describe situations in which sufficient resistance to tampering is provided to make successful attacks rare due to cost/benefit issues, since codes, etc., can theoretically be broken if sufficient resources are brought to bear on the attack.
The invention uses a smart card, as described in U.S. Pat. Nos. 3,971,916, 4,007,355, 4,092,524, and 4,102,493 to Roland Moreno, or, more generally, a smart token, in combination with sensors attached to the product and/or to the smart card: upon tampering, or as a response to other circumstances, the sensors generate signals which are encrypted and recorded in the memory or storage device of the smart card attached to the product.
Recall that, for example, by using a zero-knowledge protocol, a smart card can be authenticated but cannot be duplicated. This technology has been disclosed for instance in U.S. Pat. No. 5,140,634 to Guillou, et al. This is the property which characterizes a smart card. Accordingly, in the rest of the present disclosure, any electronic component with these properties and which has some memories and/or some processing capabilities, will be called xe2x80x9ca smart tokenxe2x80x9d or xe2x80x9ca smart cardxe2x80x9d, even if it does not actually take any form resembling a card. A general reference to smart card technology and applications can be found in Smart Cards: A Guide to Building and Managing Smart Card Applications, by Henry Dreifus and J. Thomas Monk, John Wiley and Sons, 1998.
When the product or its packaging is tampered with, some attribute of the product or its environment changes. This change is what is detected by (at least some of) the sensors attached to a smart card, and the smart card will record this change irreversibly by erasing or writing some information within the smart card memory. The smart card also can be made duplication resistant by using a zero-knowledge protocol so that only the manufacturer of the original product, and/or possibly a trusted third party, for example, can produce or buy such smart cards. The smart card also can record the history of these changes in its internal memory.1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to a surface-mountable glass-sealed light-emitting diode including a glass-sealed LED bare chip.
2. Description of the Related Art
In a conventional glass-sealed light-emitting diode (LED), for example, a pair of leads 33 are connected to anode and cathode electrodes of an LED bare chip 31, respectively, as shown in FIG. 4. A glass seal 32 is employed to integrally cover connections between the LED bare chip 31 and electrodes and the leads 33 for hermetic sealing. In the light-emitting diode 30 thus configured, when power is supplied through the leads 33 to the LED bare chip 31, an active region thereof emits light, which is guided from the side of the LED bare chip 31 through the glass seal 32 and output to external. There is an incident light that is emitted from the active region in the LED bare chip 31 and arrives at an interface between the LED bare chip 31 and the glass seal 32. This incident light has an angle (incident angle) from the normal to the interface at the incident point. If the incident angle is smaller than a critical angle, the light arrived at the interface is output from the LED bare chip 31 into the glass seal 32. If it is larger than the critical angle, the light is reflected back to the LED bare chip 31 and can not be output into the glass seal 32. In comparison of glass with air as materials that form interfaces with the LED bare chip, glass has a relatively larger refractive index and therefore a relatively larger critical angle. This means that a light can be output from the LED bare chip without being reflected at a larger incident angle from the interface with glass compared to air. When glass is selected as a material that adjoins the LED bare chip because it has a larger refractive index compared to air, a ratio of light output from the LED bare chip 31 can be increased relative to the total light emitted from the active region in the LED bare chip 31. This is effective to improve the external quantum efficiency (light-extraction efficiency). (For example, see Patent Document 1: Japanese Patent Application Laid-Open No. 61-67971, page 2, FIG. 1).
The above-described glass-sealed light-emitting diode includes leads for supplying power from external to drive the light-emitting diode. The leads extend outward from both sides of the light-emitting diode. When such the light-emitting diode is implemented on a printed circuit board, the leads are inserted into through-holes in a double-sided through-hole printed-circuit board and soldered to achieve fixation and electrical conduction. Recently, as electronic instruments are downsized and light-weighted, it is also intensively promoted to address downsizing and surface mounting of electronic components. In order to make the conventional glass-sealed light-emitting diode support surface mounting, it is required to mount surface mounting components other than the light-emitting diode on the double-sided through-hole printed-circuit board by a method of reflow or dip soldering and then the light-emitting diode by a method of manual soldering. Alternatively, it is required to use a high-temperature solder to solder the surface mounting components and then use a lower melting point solder to solder the light-emitting diode by a method of dip soldering. When these methods are employed to implement the conventional light-emitting diode on the same substrate together with the surface mounting components, they cause the following problems:
(1) When only the surface mounting components are implemented, a single-sided board with circuits formed only on one side functions sufficiently. In contrast, when the conventional light-emitting diode is mixed together, a double-sided through-hole board with circuits formed on both sides is required, which increases the cost of the printed circuit board.
(2) After the surface mounting components are implemented on the printed circuit board, it is required to solder the conventional light-emitting diode additionally. This requirement increases the number of processes for mounting components on the printed circuit board and elevates the production cost.
(3) When a high-temperature solder is used to solder the surface mounting components and then a lower melting point solder is used to solder the light-emitting diode by the method of dip soldering, the second soldering may impart stress to the surface mounting components and badly influences on the reliability.
The present invention has been made in consideration of the above problems and has an object to provide a glass-sealed light-emitting diode capable of achieving a high reliability and a high external quantum efficiency as an optical semiconductor component, and a high reliability and a low cost as for a components-implemented printed-circuit board.In recent years, advances in technology, as well as ever evolving tastes in style, have led to substantial changes in the design of automobiles. One of the changes involves the power usage and complexity of the various electrical systems within automobiles, particularly alternative fuel vehicles, such as hybrid, electric, and fuel cell vehicles.
Many of the electrical components, including the electric motors used in such vehicles, receive electrical power from alternating current (AC) power supplies. However, the power sources (e.g., batteries) used in such applications provide direct current (DC) power. Thus, devices known as “power inverters” are used to convert the DC power to AC power. Such power inverters often utilize several switches, or transistors, operated at various intervals to convert the DC power to AC power.
Typically, the switches of the inverter are operated by using pulse-width modulation (PWM) techniques to control the amount of current and/or voltage provided to the electric motor. Often, a microprocessor generates PWM signals for the switches in the inverter, and provides the PWM signals to a gate driver, which turns the switches on and off. The microprocessor and gate driver often reside on separate circuit card assemblies, and interface via one or more buffers, amplifiers, and other discrete components.
During operation, it is often possible to improve the efficiency of the electric motor and/or the inverter by varying the switching frequency of the PWM signals or the manner in which they are generated. However, the additional tasks and computations required to dynamically adjust the PWM signals using software can increase processing overhead and thereby reduce the throughput of the microprocessor and add latency to the system. Current systems are challenged to provide dynamic real-time operation of the electric motor, and are thus, limited in terms of efficiency.1. Field of the Invention
This invention relates to a helicopter rotor of the bearingless type, having an airfoil shaped blade attached to a flexible spar, specifically designed and fabricated to accommodate the torsion deflections of pitch change, and the bending requirements due to lead/lag and flap/droop blade excursions. This invention is specifically directed to the group of bearingless rotors wherein the flexible spar is rotatably driven by suitable attachment to the rotor hub and rotor drive shaft. The specific geometric shape of the spar is not important to this invention, and is shown in the accompanying figures as rectangular. Likewise, it is not important whether the spar be continuous across the rotor axis to attach to opposed blades, or whether each spar be unitary and joined only to one blade. For the latter configuration there may be an odd number of blades.
2. Description of the Prior Art
Prior art patents familiar to the inventors and pertaining to hingeless rotor blade attachments and controls have generally been directed to tail rotor applications where pitch, lead/lag and flapping motions are less than those of main rotors. In attempting to transfer rotor technology developed for tail rotors to a main rotor application, concern had to be addressed to the adverse influence of these larger excursions, and especially to the pitch coupling effect due to inplane or lead/lag blade motions. The longer, wider, and heavier main rotor blade undergoes significant bending in first advancing into the direction of flight and then retreating from it as it completes it cycle of rotation at a constant driven rotor speed and undergoing commanded cyclic pitch changes as well as being impinged upon by wind gusts at any point on the azimuth. Starting and stopping produces still further inplane bending. The concept of using blade motions to introduce a proportional blade pitch change in a direction to stabilize the blade is known, as well as the concept of elimination or prevention of such pitch coupling.
A specific rotor configuration to which our invention may be applied is shown in U.S. Pat. No. 4,008,980 to Noehren et al, which is used in the UH-60A helicopter. The specific "snubber bearing" of that rotor head is depicted as FIG. 5 in U.S. Pat. No. 4,087,203 to Ferris.
The main objective of the teaching of this latter patent is similar to that of our invention; namely to provide structure that accommodates pitch change relative motion (torsion) between the flexible spar and rigid torque tube, minimizes the pitch coupling effect of the blade flapping wherein relative bending takes place between the spar and torque tube, and prevents pitch change motions due to lead or lag excursions when blade spar inplane motion occurs relative to the torque tube.
In an embodiment wherein blade pitch change is introduced by means of a torque tube enveloping a flexible spar, and wherein the attachment to the rotor hub follows the teaching of the U.S. Pat. No. 3,874,815 to Baskin, use of this invention also appears beneficial, provided the linkage is suitably mounted at the virtual hinge axis of the blade spar such that the root end of the torque tube can be restrained from vertical motion.1. Field of the Invention
This invention relates generally to a portable power tool of the impulse type and more particularly to an impulse device designed to deliver a controllable torque to a threaded fastener.
2. Description of the Prior Art
In many industrial applications it is desirable to tighten threaded fasteners to a predetermined torque automatically and rapidly. Such applications include internal combustion engine head bolts and connecting rod bearings and wheel nuts or studs. Many applications also exist, particularly in the maintenance area, where it is necessary to loosen threaded fasteners in order to disassemble a machine. While it is desirable that the tool develop a predetermined torque, it is also important to be able to adJust the predetermined torque and to use the same tool for tighlening and loosening threaded fasteners.
A number of devices have been developed utilizing either an electric motor or an air motor as the powering mechanism. Generally, an hydraulic or mechanical mechanism is attached to the output shaft of the air or electric motor which is adapted to convert the rotary motion into torque impacts. The production of torque impacts within the torque conversion mechanism often leads to high impact stresses and consequent wear of the working parts of the mechanism. Where a series of impacts or hammer blows is entailed, the predetermined torque may be exceeded. It is an object of the present invention to develop a controllable predetermined torque through cyclical impulses which do not constitute a series of impacts. It is also an object of the invention to reduce the noise associated with the prior art torque devices of the impact type.As computer systems grow ever more powerful and complex, so do computer testing and task management utilities grow ever more sophisticated. For example, today's average commercial application developer requires highly flexible and comprehensive testing mechanisms to ensure that his or her product will function properly on the wide variety of presently available computing platforms. As a result, much effort has been directed toward the development of computer testing and task management tools. For example, Apple Computer, Inc. of Cupertino, Calif. has developed several computer testing tools, including VU® (Virtual User) and MATT® (MacIntosh® Application Program Interface Test Tool). These and other testing tools allow an application developer to evaluate a work in progress without having to expend undue energy in creating the test routines themselves. Using VU, for example, an application developer can write test scripts to simulate an end user's interaction with an evolving product. Alternatively, MATT enables a developer to build custom testing sequences using predefined testing modules. A detailed description of VU is provided, for example, with Apple Computer Inc.'s Developer CD Series (November 1997 or later).
Though known testing tools are quite powerful, each providing a unique blend of features and advantages, the great diversity between available testing tools can, ironically, lead to inefficiencies in overall application development for an organization. In other words, since each available tool utilizes a different protocol and provides a different user interface, significant time and money must be expended merely in training application developers and testers as to how to interact with the various tools. Each time an individual is introduced to a new testing tool, he or she must first master operation of the tool itself before true test development and application evaluation can proceed. Furthermore, the creators of the various test tools must expend energy in developing the protocols and user interfaces in the first instance. Given the complexity of today's testing tools, these learning curves and programming expenditures can be considerable. Consequently, there is a very real need for improved methods and apparatus for creating, managing and executing computer tests and other tasks.A distributed storage system may include a plurality of storage devices (e.g., storage arrays) to provide data storage to a plurality of nodes. The plurality of storage devices and the plurality of nodes may be situated in the same physical location, or in one or more physically remote locations. The plurality of nodes may be coupled to the storage devices by a high-speed interconnect, such as a switch fabric.Painters working on large elevated areas customarily utilize long-handled tools which obtain their paint from trays or buckets placed on the floor or on a scaffold, or receive them through hoses. These are suitable and accepted techniques for painting large areas. Similarly, at or near ground or floor levels, these techniques are widely used.
On smaller jobs, and especially at higher elevations where access to a floor level supply is not convenient, the painter takes the bucket up the ladder with him and places it on a platform of some kind. This, of course limits the range of the painter's efforts and when he needs to work on a more distant area, he must dismount the ladder, move it and the bucket, and start again.
These procedures are useful for larger, mostly rather plain, painting. However, they make it needlessly difficult for paint jobs of more artistic nature. Examples of such more complicated jobs are treatment of areas in which patterns of various colors, texture, or composition are needed, such as walls to be textured to appear as a cloudy sky, or which are to have an image such as a face or other physical objects.
For these jobs, which generally are smaller in size but which require greater skill and artistry, it is known for painters to hang a pail of paint from a tool belt, with the pail dangling freely from the belt. The painter dips the applicator into the pail. The term “applicator” is used herein to denote a handled tool for applying paint, of which brushes and rollers are the most commonly encountered examples. It is used to denote both kinds.
While this bucket is available to the painter on the ladder, it calls for considerable care in its use because the applicator and pail are independently supported. When he climbs the ladder, he must attend to both the bucket and the applicator, holding the applicator with one hand, holding on to the ladder with the other, and caring for the dangling pail. This is not only clumsy and potentially dangerous, but distracting to an artist. This invention frees a hand which otherwise would be holding the applicator.
In the most ordinary usage, care must be exerted to control drip from both the applicator and from the bucket, especially from and around the groove in the rim of the bucket. Otherwise the bucket and its surroundings can become messy, and control over the color is reduced. The absence of bucket stability in the sense of a close coupling of the painter's body and the bucket is a considerable disadvantage.
Further, known buckets do not provide specific means for wiping the applicator while it is being removed from the bucket with paint to be applied to a surface. This can result in excessive paint on the applicator, and dripping of paint from the applicator.
Another disadvantage of the known art is the need either to use a large number of buckets, or to clean up a single bucket when a different color is to be applied. For large walls this is no problem. However, for small jobs, and especially for multi-color jobs, this is a serious disadvantage.
It is an object of this invention to provide a paint holder (frequently called a “bucket”), with an integral stabilizer which abuts the painter's body over a substantial area to establish the location of the bucket relative to the painter.
It is another object of this invention to provide a drain from the rim groove of the bucket which will drain paint from the groove back into the bucket.
It is yet another object of this invention to provide a shaped liner with an outer wall complementary to the rim groove and preferably also with some of the inner wall of the bucket. This liner is removable, so it can protect the bucket from undesired paint, and also so as to be removable and replaceable to present paints of different colors.
It is yet another object of this invention to provide a liner with multiple cavities so as to carry a plurality of colors in one liner.
It is still another object of this invention to provide in this holder an applicator mount arranged so the painter can easily store and access the applicator. When stored, it is in a position to drain into the bucket. When the painter climbs the ladder, or otherwise does not need the applicator, it is held in a proper place, with its handle held by the mount, and with the applicator portion below a covering lid through which the handle passes.The following relates generally to wireless communication, and more specifically to the wireless transmission and receipt of telematics data and metadata. In some systems, telematics data (e.g., sensor readings and other data) may be transmitted from an intelligent terminal to a central service for processing. For example, a terminal associated with a vehicle experiencing a collision may transmit location and airbag deployment data over a wireless communication system to a public safety answering point (PSAP) in connection with a request for emergency services. In some systems, the data may be transmitted to a third-party service center, which may then convey some or all of the data to a PSAP.
Terminals associated with vehicles offering automatic crash response and emergency calling functionality generally use the voice channel of a cellular network to establish a voice call between a vehicle occupant and a PSAP operator. Telematics data may then be transmitted from the terminal to a central service (e.g., a PSAP server or a third-party service center) by modulating the voice channel using in-band signaling, Baudot tones, or other modem techniques. Metadata associated with the telematics data, such as an acknowledgement that the telematics data was satisfactorily (e.g., successfully) received or a request for a retransmission of the telematics data, may also be communicated from the central service to the terminal by modulating the voice channel in the reverse direction. The transmission of telematics data and metadata over a voice channel in this way can be problematic in that voice communication may be blocked or experience interference during the transmission of telematics data and metadata. Moreover, the transmission of modulated digital data through voice channels may provide limited data throughput or be unreliable due to voice processing functions in the network (e.g., improperly tuned echo-cancellers and use of compression on network trunks). These limitations may be further exacerbated in systems such as Long Term Evolution (LTE) and High Speed Packet Access (HSPA) when a voice channel is provided through packet rather than circuit means. Thus, more efficient and reliable methods of transmitting telematics data and metadata between a terminal and a central service are needed.1. The Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to compositions and methods for isolating dental tissue for treatment thereupon. In particular, the present invention relates to polymerizable isolation barrier compositions and methods of using the same for isolating tooth surfaces. The polymerizable barrier compositions of the present invention may include constituents that enable the compositions to adhere to wet, dry, soft or hard oral tissues; to minimize injury risks due to heat from polymerization and/or light radiant energy from subsequent treatment(s); and that enable the barriers to be easily removed.
2. The Relevant Technology
Several dental procedures exist that use treatment compositions in the mouth that could be harmful and damaging to soft tissue. Harmful treatment compositions must be kept away from soft tissue such as the gums during such treatment procedures. There are other dental procedures that require a substantially dry tooth that must be maintained in a dry condition during a lengthy dental procedure to avoid damage.
In general, contact between a treatment composition and the cheeks and tongue of a patient can be minimized through the use of cotton rolls, absorbent isolators, rubber dams, rubber dam caulking or other conventional isolation techniques. The gums, adjacent dentin and surrounding sulcular tissues however are harder to protect from the treatment composition(s) due to their close proximity to the surfaces being treated and because the treatment composition is sometimes a freely flowable aqueous solution.
Although it is possible to incorporate some treatment compositions within a gel in order to inhibit the unwanted flow of the treatment composition from the desired treatment area, they generally must have a low enough viscosity to flow into the tiny crevices and other irregularities of the surface of the tooth being treated. Hence, it is generally impractical to have a treatment composition that is so viscous that it is not at least partially flowable.
In addition to adjusting the flow characteristics, the concentration of the treatment composition can be modified to reduce the damage caused by inadvertent contact with surrounding sulcus and gum tissues. However, significantly reducing the concentration of a treatment composition also reduces its ability to treat the tooth, thereby increasing the time in which the treatment composition must remain in contact with the surface being treated. In general, treatment compositions strong enough to adequately treat teeth may also damage and irritate surrounding soft gum tissues.
Rubber dam technology was developed as a means of isolating a tooth for treatment and also for protecting the vulnerable soft tissue. FIG. 1 illustrates the installation of a rubber dam 10. It can be seen that rubber dam 10 has been placed over the teeth 14 and then rubber dam 10 is fitted with a dental instrument 16 by pushing rubber dam 10 up to the gum line 12. This procedure must be carried out on each tooth. Rubber dams, however, have several disadvantages. One disadvantage is that rubber dams can be difficult to install. Rubber dams have a hole-punched perimeter shape that may or may not isolate soft tissue next to the tooth because the tooth perimeter shape might have concavities. For example, where a tooth forms an unusual groove or concavity, a hole-punched rubber dam may leave an exposed space through which treatment compositions could leak that could harm soft tissue. If the seal created by a rubber dam is faulty, soft tissue is exposed and likely to be damaged by the treatment composition.
Another disadvantage to rubber dams is that they are prone to tearing once placed over the tooth. If the rubber dam begins to tear in the middle of a dental procedure, the procedure must be aborted and a new rubber dam installed. This is time consuming and the new rubber dam may likewise tear at or near the same point of the treatment that the original rubber dam began to tear. Additionally, when the rubber dam tears during a procedure, it may be too late to prevent the treatment compositions from contacting the soft tissue and therefore too late to prevent soft tissue damage.
Another disadvantage to rubber dams is that they often cause patient discomfort. FIG. 2 illustrates installation of a rubber dam 10 with rubber dam clamps 22 and a frame 20 that covers the labia 24 and the tongue 26. When, for example, a labial surface of a tooth is the only surface that needs to be isolated, rubber dam 10 may cover more than the teeth.
Additionally, where an intense dental curing or laser light is being used, heat buildup incidental to use of the light may cause patient discomfort due to heating of the rubber dam. Intense heating of the soft tissue will necessitate intermittent use of the dental light, a practice that slows the clinician in his procedure.
One attempt to overcome the problems associated with rubber dams provided a blue flowable resin that can be applied onto a dental substrate and then be polymerized. Due to the color of the resin, it absorbs light energy which resulting increases the risk of injury to soft tissue in contact with the resin. Additionally, the resin is hydrophobic which significantly hinders its ability to adhere well to dental tissues. Another significant problem with this resin is that it is too strong and consequently the polymerized resin is very difficult to remove. Difficulties related to excessive strength are only exacerbated by application of the resin onto dental surfaces such as wide open embrasures and undercuts. For example, open embrasures are typically filled from both sides which results in the embrasures being completely filled and solidly anchored. After polymerization, it is very difficult to remove the resin and may require prying instruments or even high speed drills. Similarly, undercuts present a problem when resin becomes lodged into the openings or crevices and it may then necessary be to remove the resin with dental tools which the require the use of some force such as prying instruments or excavating tools.
In light of the foregoing, it would be a significant advancement in the art to provide isolation barrier compositions and methods for protecting sulcular and gum tissues surrounding a tooth being treated from intense cumulative heat buildup in order to avoid patient discomfort and to expedite dental treatments that use a curing or laser light
It would also be a significant advancement in the art to provide isolation barrier compositions and methods for protecting sulcular and gum tissues surrounding a tooth being treated that can be easily removed following a dental procedure.
It would be a further advancement in the art to provide compositions and methods that result in a quickly and easily applied barrier to maintain a treatment composition within the area of the tooth that is desired to be treated.
Another advancement in the art would be to provide compositions for an isolation barrier material that, upon application to the dental substrate and polymerization, are sufficiently weakened to facilitate its removal in discrete, approximately tooth-sized segments or larger with a tweezers-like instrument from the dental substrate after use in a dental procedure.
Another advancement in the art would be to provide compositions for an isolation barrier material that, upon application to the dental substrate and polymerization, are resistant to deformation at the external surface of the barrier due to incidental touching but that remain adherent to the dental substrate at the internal surface of the barrier.
Another advancement in the art would be to provide a composition for an isolation barrier material that, upon application to the dental substrate and polymerization, is of a generally small size and conducive to a customized fit that avoids inducing patient discomfort.
Such polymerizable isolation barrier compositions and methods for using them are disclosed and claimed herein.1. Technical Field
The present invention relates to an ultrasound diagnostic apparatus, and more particularly to an ultrasound diagnostic apparatus in which a modulated continuous wave is utilized.
2. Related Art
Continuous wave Doppler is a known ultrasound diagnostic apparatus technology in which a continuous wave is employed. In continuous wave Doppler technology, a transmission wave which is formed as a sinusoidal wave of several MHz is continuously radiated into a living organism and a reflection wave from within the living organism is then continuously received. The reflection wave includes Doppler shift information generated by a moving element (e.g. blood flow) within the living organism. Accordingly, by extracting the Doppler shift information and applying frequency analysis to the Doppler shift information, a Doppler waveform which reflects information of velocity of the moving element, for example, can be formed.
Continuous wave Doppler technology in which a continuous wave is utilized is generally superior to Pulse Doppler, in which a pulse wave is utilized, for rapid acquisition of velocity measurements. Under such circumstances, the inventors of the present application have conducted research concerning continuous wave Doppler technology. In one of their achievements, the present inventors proposed the technology concerning Frequency Modulated Continuous wave Doppler (FMCW Doppler) disclosed in JP 2005-253949 A.
On the other hand, use of a continuous wave makes continuous wave Doppler technology less suited towards measuring a position. As such, typical continuous wave Doppler devices (i.e., devices in which the FMCW Doppler is not utilized) were unable to perform position measurement. In this regard, the present inventors proposed, in JP 2006-14916 A, a technology which enabled measurement of a position of a tissue within a living organism, in addition to measurement of the velocity of a tissue within the living organism, by using FMCW Doppler.
The FMCW Doppler technology described in the above-noted publications is a revolutionary technology providing a potential for new forms of ultrasound diagnosis. The present inventors have continued to research and improve this landmark technology.Subsea pipelines need to be elevated with respect to the sea floor proximate the pipeline on occasion for numerous reasons. It is often advantageous for such a tool to be capable of securely cradling the pipeline.Combustion engines are machines that convert chemical energy stored in fuel into mechanical energy useful for generating electricity, producing thrust, or otherwise doing work. These engines typically include several cooperative sections that contribute in some way to this energy conversion process. In gas turbine engines, air discharged from a compressor section and fuel introduced from a fuel supply are mixed together and burned in a combustion section. The products of combustion are harnessed and directed through a turbine section, where they expand and turn a central rotor.
A variety of combustor designs exist, with different designs being selected for suitability with a given engine and to achieve desired performance characteristics. One popular combustor design includes a centralized pilot burner (hereinafter referred to as a pilot burner or simply pilot) and several main fuel/air mixing apparatuses, generally referred to in the art as injector nozzles, arranged circumferentially around the pilot burner. With this design, a central pilot flame zone and a mixing region are formed. During operation, the pilot burner selectively produces a stable flame that is anchored in the pilot flame zone, while the fuel/air mixing apparatuses produce a mixed stream of fuel and air in the above-referenced mixing region. The stream of mixed fuel and air flows out of the mixing region, past the pilot flame zone, and into a main combustion zone, where additional combustion occurs. Energy released during combustion is captured by the downstream components to produce electricity or otherwise do work.
In order to ensure optimum performance of a common combustor, it is generally preferable that the internal fuel-and-air streams are well-mixed to avoid localized, fuel-rich regions. As a result, efforts have been made to produce combustors with essentially uniform distributions of fuel and air. Swirler elements, for example, are often used to produce a stream of fuel and air in which air and injected fuel are evenly mixed.
Gas turbine technology has evolved toward greater efficiency and also to accommodate environmental standards in various nations. One aspect in the evolution of designs and operating criteria is the use of leaner gas air mixtures to provide for increased efficiency and decreased emissions of NOx and carbon monoxide. Combustion of over-rich pockets of fuel and air leads to high-temperature combustion that produces high levels of unwanted NOx emissions.
Also, a key objective in design and operation of gas turbine combustors is the stability of the flame and, related to that, the prevention of flashbacks. A flashback occurs when flame travels upstream from the combustion zone in the combustion chamber and approaches, contacts, and/or attaches to, an upstream component. Although a stable but lean mixture is desired for fuel efficiency and for environmentally acceptable emissions, a flashback may occur at times more frequently with a lean mixture, and particularly during unstable operation. For instance, the flame in the combustion chamber may progress backwards and rest upon for a period a baseplate which defines the upstream part of the combustion chamber. Less frequently, the flame may flash back into a fuel/air mixing apparatus, damaging components that mix the fuel with the air.
A multitude of factors and operating conditions provide for efficient and clean operation of the gas turbine combustor area during ongoing operation. Not only is the fuel/air mixture important, also relevant to gas turbine operation are the shape of the combustion area, the arrangement of assemblies that provide fuel, and the length of the combustor that provides varying degrees of mixing. Given the efficiency and emissions criteria, the operation of gas turbines requires a balancing of design and operational approaches to maintain efficiency, meet emission standards, and avoid damage due to undesired flashback occurrences.
The type of fuel/air mixing apparatus, and how it operates in relationship to other components, is one of the key factors in proper operation of current gas turbines. A common type of fuel/air mixing apparatus is known as a main swirler assembly (which also is referred to in the art as a nozzle, which is a more inclusive term). A main swirler assembly is comprised in part of a substantially hollow inner body that comprises stationary flow conditioning members (such as vanes) that create a turbulent flow. Fuel is added before or into this turbulent air stream and mixes to a desired degree within a period of time and space so that it is properly mixed upon combustion in the downstream combustion chamber. Also, in typical arrangements, a main swirler assembly also is comprised of an outer downstream element known as an annulus casting. An annulus casting surrounds a downstream section of the inner body, forming a channel for air flow known as the flashback annulus. In a typical arrangement, a quantity, such as eight, swirler assemblies are arranged circumferentially around the central pilot burner. The pilot burner burns a relatively richer mixture than is provided by the radially arranged swirler assemblies.
Various approaches to reduce or eliminate flashback in modern gas turbine combustion systems have been attempted. Since the prevention or elimination of flashbacks is a multi-factorial issue and also relates to various aspects of the design and operation of the gas turbine combustion area, a range of approaches has been attempted. These approaches often inter-relate with one another.
The present invention provides a solution toward obtaining an operationally stable, flashback-resistant main a fuel/air mixing apparatus, such as a swirler assembly, that provides an extended columnar air barrier that impedes the back progression of flame and, therefore, reduces or eliminates undesired flashback. More specifically, the present invention provides around the fuel/air mixture output of each main swirler assembly a more robust circumferential columnar body of air that 1) provides a fresh air barrier for a distance around the fuel/air mixture output of each respective main swirler assembly (or other source of fuel/air mixture); and 2) leans out the regions where there is a potential for flashback.This invention relates to electro-optical displays and other modular compact components. In particular, the invention relates to a method of manufacturing such components capable of being fully automated for producing low cost modular components also highly suitable for automated assembly in installations.
Display devices are used extensively particularly in digital circuitry to provide information for the interface for the user. However, with the advances in integrated circuitry technology progressively providing increased processing power in smaller space at reduced costs, the cost of interface devices, such as displays, becomes a larger portion of the total cost and thus more significant. Also when the cost of displaying information is low, the additional cost of displaying more information when desirable is not a deterent leading to greater design freedom. In view of these economic or cost saving benefits, it is extremely desirable to have a fully automated manufacturing process for producing display devices.
Another consideration in display devices as electronic components is modular construction. From a packaging stand-point, the display device should be sealed to prevent physical damage during automated assembly and contamination after assembly. Versatility is also advantageous to limit constraints on product design and packaging. Furthermore, it would be desirable for the display package to have terminals suitable for surface mount soldering. Of course, compactness of size is highly desirable in addition to the previously enumerated considerations and sought after advantages.This invention relates to neckties, particularly to a device and method for tying a necktie to a desired length.Spreadsheet applications provide many well known benefits including data organization, computation, analysis and presentation. Spreadsheet applications allow users to work in offline data editing sessions, as well as online data editing sessions where spreadsheet applications may be linked to databases from which data may be imported for editing and manipulation. During online editing sessions, spreadsheet applications may also export data out to databases for storage of the exported data. However, prior systems do not allow for bi-directional communication between a spreadsheet application worksheet and a database. That is, according to prior systems, data may be brought into a spreadsheet application worksheet and read, and the data may be refreshed, but at no time may changes in the data be written back to the data source for modifying or updating the source data in the database. At most, the modified data may be written to a new table or other memory location in the database.
Accordingly, there is a need for a method and system for allowing bi-directional communication between a spreadsheet application and a database that allows modified data to be written from a spreadsheet application worksheet to source data in a database from which the original pre-modified data was obtained. There is further a need for a method and system for supporting offline data changes in a spreadsheet application that may be published to a remote data source when a connection is re-established between the data source and the spreadsheet application. There is further a need for a method and system for resolving conflicts associated with writing data from a spreadsheet application worksheet to a database data source. It is with respect to these and other considerations that the present invention has been made.Carbon nanotubes are hexagonal networks of carbon atoms forming seamless tubes with each end capped with half of a fullerene molecule. They were first reported in 1991 by Sumio Iijima who produced multi-layer concentric tubes or multi-walled carbon nanotubes by evaporating carbon in an arc discharge. They reported carbon nanotubes having up to seven walls. In 1993, Iijima's group and an IBM team headed by Donald Bethune independently discovered that a single-wall nanotube could be made by vaporizing carbon together with a transition metal such as iron or cobalt in an arc generator (see Iijima et al. Nature 363:603 (1993); Bethune et al., Nature 363: 605 (1993) and U.S. Pat. No. 5,424,054). The original syntheses produced low yields of non-uniform nanotubes mixed with large amounts of soot and metal particles.
Presently, there are three main approaches for the synthesis of single- and multi-walled carbon nanotubes. These include the electric arc discharge of graphite rod (Journet et al. Nature 388: 756 (1997)), the laser ablation of carbon (Thess et al. Science 273: 483 (1996)), and the chemical vapor deposition of hydrocarbons (Ivanov et al. Chem. Phys. Lett 223: 329 (1994); Li et al. Science 274: 1701 (1996)). Multi-walled carbon nanotubes can be produced on a commercial scale by catalytic hydrocarbon cracking while single-walled carbon nanotubes are still produced on a gram scale.
Generally, single-walled carbon nanotubes are preferred over multi-walled carbon nanotubes because they have unique mechanical and electronic properties. Defects are less likely to occur in single-walled carbon nanotubes because multi-walled carbon nanotubes can survive occasional defects by forming bridges between unsaturated carbon valances, while single-walled carbon nanotubes have no neighboring walls to compensate for defects. Defect-free single-walled nanotubes are expected to have remarkable mechanical, electronic and magnetic properties that could be tunable by varying the diameter, number of concentric shells, and chirality of the tube.
It is generally recognized that smaller catalyst particles of less than 3 nm are preferred for the growth of smaller diameter carbon nanotubes. However, the smaller catalyst particles easily aggregate at the higher temperatures required for the synthesis of carbon nanotubes. U.S. Patent Application No. 2004/0005269 to Huang et al. discloses a mixture of catalysts containing at least one element from Fe, Co, and Ni, and at least one supporting element from the lanthanides. The lanthanides are said to decrease the melting point of the catalyst by forming alloys so that the carbon nanostructures can be grown at lower temperatures.
Aside from the size of the catalyst, the temperature of the reaction chamber can also be important for the growth of carbon nanotubes. U.S. Pat. No. 6,764,874 to Zhang et al. discloses a method of preparing nanotubes by melting aluminum to form an alumina support and melting a thin nickel film to form nickel nanoparticles on the alumina support. The catalyst is then used in a reaction chamber at less than 850° C. U.S. Pat. No. 6,401,526, and U.S. Patent Application Publication No. 2002/00178846, both to Dai et al., disclose a method of forming nanotubes for atomic force microscopy. A portion of the support structure is coated with a liquid phase precursor material that contains a metal-containing salt and a long-chain molecular compound dissolved in a solvent. The carbon nanotubes are made at a temperature of 850° C.
It is well known that the diameter of the single-walled nanotubes (SWNTs) produced is proportional to the size of the catalyst particle. In order to synthesize nanotubes of small diameter, it is necessary to have catalyst particles of small particle size (less than about 1 nm). Catalysts of small average particle sizes with narrow distribution are difficult to synthesize. Further, recognized methods for determining the catalyst particle size distribution are not currently available, especially when the catalyst particles are supported on support powders, and thus buried inside the pores of the support powders.
Thus, there is a need for methods and processes for controllable synthesis of carbon single-walled nanotubes with small and narrow distributed diameters. Accordingly, the present invention provides novel methods and processes for determining the average particle size and particle size distribution of catalyst particles that can be used for preparation and optimization of catalyst and for the synthesis of SWNTs with small and narrow distributed diameters.1. Field of Invention
Embodiments of the present invention relate generally to a method and apparatus for retaining a substrate in a polishing system.
2. Background of Invention
As part of the manufacturing process of semiconductor devices, semiconductor wafers are increasingly being polished by CMP. The uniform removal of material from and the planarity of patterned and un-patterned wafers is critical to wafer process yield. Generally, the wafer to be polished is mounted on a substrate carrier which holds the wafer using a combination of vacuum suction or other means and, most often, a wafer backing pad to contact the rear side of the wafer. A retaining lip or ring is generally provided around the edge of the wafer to keep the wafer contained under the substrate carrier. The front side of the wafer, the side to be polished, is then contacted with an abrasive material such as an abrasive pad or abrasive strip. The abrasive pad or strip may have free abrasive fluid sprayed on it, may have abrasive particles affixed to it, or may have abrasive particles sprinkled on it.
The ideal wafer polishing process can be described by Preston""s equation:
R=Kp*P*V,
where R is the removal rate; Kp is a function of consumables (abrasive pad roughness and elasticity, surface chemistry and abrasion effects, and contact area); P is the applied pressure between the wafer and the abrasive pad; and V is the relative velocity between the wafer and the abrasive pad. As a result, the ideal CMP process should have constant cutting velocity over the entire wafer surface, constant pressure between the abrasive pad and wafer, and constant abrasive pad roughness, elasticity, area and abrasion effects. In addition, control over the temperature and pH is critical and the direction of the relative pad/wafer velocity should be randomly distributed over the entire wafer surface.
One common type of wafer polishing apparatus having a wafer carrier is the CMP model 372M made by Westech Systems Inc. A wafer is held in the substrate carrier during polishing. The substrate carrier rotates about the axis of the wafer. A large circular abrasive pad is rotated while contacting the rotating wafer and substrate carrier. The rotating wafer contacts the larger rotating abrasive pad in an area away from the center of the abrasive pad.
Another related apparatus is a polishing machine for polishing semiconductor wafers containing magnetic read-write heads, disclosed in U.S. Pat. No. 5,335,453 to Baldy et al. With this machine, a semiconductor wafer is held by a substrate carrier which is moved in a circular translatory motion by an eccentric arm. The wafer is polished by contacting an abrasive strip that is advanced in one direction. The relative motion between the wafer and the abrasive strip is a combination of the circular motion of the wafer and the linear motion of the advancing abrasive strip. Connected to the eccentric arm is a support head that includes a rigid part and a xe2x80x9cflexible diskxe2x80x9d made from a xe2x80x9cflexible materialxe2x80x9d having a xe2x80x9ccertain thicknessxe2x80x9d. The wafer 44 to be polished is described as being xe2x80x9cpartly embedded in the disk 142 during polishing by the effect of the force exerted on the support headxe2x80x9d.
The gimbal point of a CMP substrate carrier is a critical element of the polishing process. The substrate carrier must align itself to the polish surface precisely to insure uniform, planar polishing results. Many CMP substrate carriers currently available yield wafers having anomalies in planarity. The vertical height of the pivot point above the polishing surface is also important, since the greater the height, the larger the moment that is induced about the pivot point during polishing. Two pervasive problems that exist in most CMP wafer polishing apparatuses are underpolishing of the center of the wafer, and the inability to adjust the control of wafer edge exclusion as process variables change.
For example, substrate carriers used on many available CMP machines experience a phenomenon known in the art as xe2x80x9cnose divingxe2x80x9d. During polishing, the head reacts to the polishing forces in a manner that creates a sizable moment, which is directly influenced by the height of the gimbal point, mentioned above. This moment causes a pressure differential along the direction of motion of the head. The result of the pressure differential is the formation of a standing wave of the chemical slurry that interfaces the wafer and the abrasive surface. This causes the edge of the wafer that is at the leading edge of the substrate carrier, to become polished faster and to a greater degree than the center of the wafer.
The removal of material on the wafer is related to the chemical action of the slurry. As slurry is inducted between the wafer and the abrasive pad and reacts, the chemicals responsible for removal of the wafer material gradually become exhausted. Thus, the removal of wafer material further from the leading edge of the substrate carrier (i.e., the center of the wafer) experiences a diminished rate of chemical removal when compared with the chemical action at the leading edge of the substrate carrier (i.e., the edge of the wafer), due to the diminished activity of the chemicals in the slurry when it reaches the center of the wafer. This phenomenon is sometimes referred to as xe2x80x9cslurry starvationxe2x80x9d.
Apart from attempts to reshape the crown of the substrate carrier, other attempts have been made to improve the aforementioned problem concerning xe2x80x9cnose divingxe2x80x9d. In a prior art substrate carrier that gimbals through a single bearing at the top of the substrate carrier, sizable moments are generated because the effective gimbal point of the substrate carrier exists at a significant, non-zero distance from the surface of the polishing pad. Thus, the frictional forces, acting at the surface of the polishing pad, act through this distance to create the undesirable moments.
U.S. Pat. No. 5,377,451 to Leoni et al. describes a wafer carrier that xe2x80x9cprojectsxe2x80x9d the effective gimbal point down to the surface of the polishing pad, thereby eliminating the moment arm through which the frictional forces create the undesirable xe2x80x9cnose divingxe2x80x9d. Leoni et al. produce this effect by instituting a conical bearing assembly which allows the projection of a xe2x80x9cuniversal pivot pointxe2x80x9d to a point that is located at or near the surface of the polishing surface. The solution proposed by Leoni et al., however, requires the use of a number of bearings in the assembly in order to effect this projection, thereby increasing the cost of the wafer carrier. Additionally, there is still a moment produced because of the actual contact points at the bearings. There is also a substantial risk that, due to inexact manufacturing, the projected pivot point will not lie exactly on the contact surface of the carrier, which will also introduce moments.
FIG. 17 shows a prior art carrier design 900 that transfers the polishing load from a bellows 910 to a guided shaft 920 into a gimbal 930 (shown in phantom to illustrate the gimbal point 933 and outward into a carrier plate 940. If the gimbal mechanism is not free, stiction will prevent the gimbal 930 from its intended free and smooth movement and the guided shaft 920 will begin to over-constrain the system during polishing.
Additionally, it is not uncommon for loads in this type of a system to become excessive enough to cause plastic deformation of the gimbal. Because of the offset rotation points of the gimbal 930 and the ring flexure 950, the dynamics of such a carrier assembly can become unstable during a high friction polishing operation.
A semiconductor wafer polishing apparatus by Banks in U.S. Pat. No. 4,373,991, uses a plurality of channels 27 to inject pressurized water, preferably slightly greater than 15 psi, between a plate and a wafer to allow free floating of the wafer. However, the carrier of Banks uses a conventional gimbal arrangement and therefore experiences the moment induced anomalies such as nose-diving and crowning, as discussed above.
Another phenomenon that generates anomalies in the edge areas of a substrate that is polished by conventional techniques is due to limitations inherent in a carrier that employs a deformable/conformable crown or plate. For example Applied Materials European Patent Application No. EP 0 774 323 A2 discloses a carrier head having a lower planar surface 9104 and a bow chamber 9102 which is capable of being pressurized so as to bow out the surface 9104, or reduced in pressure to bow in the surface 9104. A bellows cavity 1192 is pressurizable to bias the entire carrier plate 1164, including the surface 9104 toward the polishing surface for loading the substrate to be polished.
FIG. 18 illustrates a problem inherent in a prior art carrier 1100 having a deformable plate 1110. Upon deformation of the plate 1110 by application of pressure thereto, either through increasing the pressure within chamber 1130 or by other means, the deflection of the plate 110 is greater toward the center of the plate than at the edge areas 1120 (as shown in phantom in FIG. 16). This is true even if greater flexibility is afforded at the edge areas through living hinges or other mechanisms to extend the flexibility outward, since the very edge defines a boundary of fixed points that do not deflect.
The plate 1110 deflects according to the typical bending formula (as shown in phantom in FIG. 16) which results in a relative underpolishing of the edges of the wafer.
U.S. Pat. No. 5,635,083 to Breivogel et al., discloses a method and apparatus for chemical mechanical polishing of a substrate having a wafer carrier attached to a steel rotatable drive shaft. The drive shaft is hollow to allow pneumatic pressure to be conveyed into a chamber created above the backside of a wafer to be polished and below the base of the carrier. A wear resistant retaining ring extends from the base of the carrier and surrounds and is in contact with the wafer to be polished. A resilient lip seal is attached just inside the retaining ring and seals with the backside of the wafer to form the chamber together with the base of the carrier. Not only does this arrangement restrict wafer precession because of the seal contact, but there is also always a risk of not forming an adequate seal due to contamination between the seal and the backside of the wafer, by slurry or other contaminants.
An apparatus described in JP 9-225821 to Ebara Corp. includes first, second and third pressure chambers within a top ring that is used to polish a semiconductor wafer. An elastic mat is provided between the top ring and the semiconductor wafer to be polished. The elastic mat and the top ring each have multiple jets that align to connect with the pressure chambers. Three concentrically defined pressure zones are defined on the mat, through which controlled pressures can be applied to the wafer to control the conformation of the pressure profile between the elastic mat and the semiconductor wafer.
Therefore, there is a need for a method and apparatus for retaining a substrate during a polishing process.
One aspect of the invention generally provides a carrier for retaining of a substrate. In one embodiment, a carrier comprises a carrier plate having a lower surface, at least one first fluid outlet and a second fluid outlet. The first fluid outlet is fluidly coupled to the lower surface of the carrier plate. The second fluid outlet is fluidly coupled to the lower surface of the carrier plate. A first fluid circuit is coupled to the first fluid outlet and is adapted to flow a fluid forms a fluidic layer between the carrier plate and the substrate. A second fluid circuit is coupled to the second fluid outlet and is separate from the first fluid circuit.
In another aspect of the invention, a method for retaining a substrate in a polishing system is provided. In one embodiment, a method for retaining a substrate comprises the steps of disposing the substrate adjacent a carrier plate, flowing a first fluid through a first port disposed on the carrier plate between the substrate and the carrier plate, and applying a second fluid or vacuum through a second port disposed on the carrier plate between the substrate and the carrier plate.Transmissible spongiform encephalopathies (TSEs) are a heterogeneous group of fatal neurodegenerative disorders that occur in humans, ruminant herbivores, mink, and cats. Sheep scrapie is the prototype of this group. TSEs are characterized by deposition of prion proteins (also denoted as PrP-Scrapie or PrPSc, the infectious form of the proteins), in the central nervous system of affected individuals. Prions have been defined as small proteinaceous infectious particles which resist inactivation by procedures that modify nucleic acids. The term “prion” is a contraction of the words “protein” and “infection,” and prions are comprised largely if not exclusively of PrP-Sc molecules encoded by a PrP gene. Prion diseases are often called spongiform encephalopathies because of the post mortem microscopic or histopathologic appearance of the brain of an infected animal with large vacuoles in the cortex and cerebellum. Prion proteins are insoluble, protease-resistant glycoproteins resulting from post translational modification of normal mammalian glycoproteins (PrP-Cellular or PrP-C). Deposition of the prion protein, an abnormal isoform of a native cellular sialoglycoprotein, in the central nervous system is a reliable marker of TSE infection.
The most widely studied TSEs in food-producing animals include scrapie in sheep and goats, bovine spongiform encephalopathy (BSE) in cattle (also known as “Mad Cow” disease), and chronic wasting disease (CWD) in mule deer and elk. Other TSEs in animals include transmissible mink encephalopathy (TME) in mink and feline spongiform encephalopathy (FSE) in cats. Prion diseases of humans have also been identified, which include: Creutzfeldt-Jakob Disease (CJD); Gerstmann-Straussler-Scheinker Syndrome (GSS); Fatal Familial Insomnia (FFI); Alper's Syndrome, and Kuru.
The transmissible agent in these diseases remains controversial. It appears that the scrapie isoform of the prion protein (PrP-Sc or PrPSc) is necessary for both the transmission and pathogenesis of the transmissible neurodegenerative diseases of animals and humans (see Prusiner, Science, 252, 1515-1522, 1991).
A new clinical version of CJD in humans is believed to be the result of transfer of BSE from cattle to humans. This finding led to the conclusion that variant CJD was caused by infection of humans with prions from BSE infected cattle. Furthermore, the incidence and timing of the appearance of variant CJD cases opened the possibility that a considerable number of humans, presently free of clinical symptoms, could be latent for the disease. Given that CJD might pass from human to human in infected blood, it can be assumed that humans infected with variant CJD contain the infectious agent in their blood. A potentially infectious species specific agent has been discovered in blood of humans with CJD, cattle with BSE, and sheep with scrapie. ELISA tests have been developed that detect these TSE specific proteins that are associated with PrPSc (“Prion associated proteins”) in the blood of animals and humans. Prion associated proteins are expressed in a disease specific manner in all subjects with clinical symptoms of BSE (“BSAS”), scrapie (“SCRAPAS”) and CJD (“CJD”). Prion associated proteins appear to have the chemical characteristics for binding to PrP-C and converting it to PrPSc, and thus are most likely the infectious agents in TSE diseases. Furthermore, expression of prion associated proteins in a subject is accompanied by expression of specific anti-prion associated protein endogenous antibody. Detecting this endogenous antibody in human blood and blood products is the basis of some TSE ELISA tests (U.S. Pat. No. 6,350,854).
The occurrence of novel transmissible spongiform encephalopathies in cattle in the United Kingdom and Europe, and in mule deer and elk in parts of the United States has emphasized the need for reliable diagnostic tests. Further, the epizootic of a TSE in cattle and its postulated relationship to a new variant of human Creutzfeldt Jakob Disease have increased public and scientific awareness of these relatively rare disorders, and have highlighted the need for preclinical detection of TSEs. Accordingly, sensitive immunohistochemical techniques and preclinical detection methods are necessary for the detection, surveillance, and control of TSEs.
Confirmation of TSEs is accomplished by postmortem microscopic or histological examination of brain tissue of suspected cases. Postmortem histopathologic diagnosis of the ruminant TSEs is based on the appearance of neuronal vacuolation, spongiform changes, gliosis, and astrocytosis. However, these can vary in intensity and anatomic location depending on the host species, the individuals, host genetics, stage of disease, and infectious source. Thus, diagnosis by histopathology alone may be equivocal in early cases and usually not possible in autolyzed tissue.
Monoclonal antibody 263K 3F4 (U.S. Pat. No. 4,806,627) detects PrPSc in hamsters and humans, and has received use in diagnostic assays and pathogenesis studies of human TSEs. Ante-mortem testing in humans with suspected CJD is performed by immunohistochemical and histologic examination of brain biopsies. Because brain biopsy in ruminant animals is not feasible, an alternative approach has been to biopsy selected lymph nodes.
Therefore, there exists a need for a practical, inexpensive, and more rapid method for detection of prion proteins, prion-associated proteins and peptides and/or their respective host antibodies in live animals or humans. In addition, there exists a need for sensitive diagnostic assays to detect prion and prion associated proteins and peptides and/or their respective host antibodies in animal tissues and animal by-products in a most rapid fashion to minimize quarantine time.
Aptamers are functional synthetic nucleic acids useful for high-affinity binding to targets (e.g., nucleic acids, proteins, and chemical compounds). Unlike naturally occurring nucleic acids, which transfer genetic information, aptamers are selected on the basis of their ability to specifically bind their ligand. The specificity of binding is defined in terms of the dissociation constant Kd of the aptamer for its ligand. Aptamers can have high affinity with Kd range similar to antibody (pM to nM) and specificity similar/superior to antibody (Tuerk and Gold, Science, 249:505, 1990; Ellington and Szostak, Nature, 346:818, 1990).
Many aptamers have a stem-loop structure in which the bases in the loop and the stem are intimately involved in interaction with the ligand. RNA aptamers have been isolated against the protease-sensitive, N-terminus of PrP (Weiss et al., J. Virol. 71:8790-8797, 1997) but these do not discriminate between PrPC and PrPSc and are sensitive to nucleases. Therefore, there is a need in the art to design and utilize aptamers for binding to specifically folded prions, specifically those prions that are infectious and disease-causing in animals/mammals, in order to prevent the transmission and spread of such diseases in the food supply. The present disclosure provides improved aptamers for detecting the presence of PrPSc where the aptamers are not sensitive to nucleases.Distribution of full motion video data has evolved from early television broadcasting to meet viewer demand. Earliest video distribution was by point-to-point wiring between a camera and a video monitor. This was followed by scheduled television broadcasting of programming over the public air waves. In the 1960s, Community Antenna Television (CATV) was chartered to provide off-air television signals to viewers in broadcast reception fringe areas. Later, under FCC regulation, the CATV industry was required to provide local access and original programming in addition to off-air broadcast signal distribution.
In response, several sources of cable network programming were established. Because of the wide bandwidth available on cable television systems, additional channels were made available for the new programming. However, programming was generally prescheduled, with the viewer left to tune to the designated channel at the appointed time to view a particular program.
To increase revenues, cable television systems have initiated distribution of premium channels viewable only by subscribers having appropriate descramblers. The descramblers are tuned to receive only premium channels, descramble the video and audio information and supply a signal capable of reception on a standard television set.
Pay-per-view programs, which evolved later, include recently released movies, live concerts and popular sporting events. Subscribers wishing to view a pay-per-view program place an order with the cable operator. At the designated time, the subscriber's descrambler is activated to permit viewing of the pay-per-view programming. However, the subscriber is restricted to viewing the programming at the scheduled time. There is no capability of delivering programming to a subscriber on demand, that is, immediately or at a subscriber-specified time and date.
In the early 1980s, technological advances resulted in the proliferation of Video Cassette Recorders (VCR), establishing a second course for video programming distribution. Pre-recorded video programs are now available for sale and rental to VCR owners. Using a VCR, the viewer selects from among many titles available for sale and rental, and views the program when convenient. The VCR owner further has the capability to selectively view the programming using special functions of the VCR, such as pause, fast forward, reverse, slow motion, etc. The viewer can thus manipulate and replay portions of the program at will.
The penalty for this convenience, however, is in the necessity to travel to the local video rental/sales store, if necessary wait for a popular video program tape to become available, once the program is obtained return home to view it and then revisit the video store to return the tape.
Telephone lines have been suggested as an alternative means of video distribution in Goodman et al., U.S. Pat. No. 5,010,319 and Kleinerman, U.S. Pat. No. 4,849,811. However, systems using the public switched telephone network (PSTN) are often bandwidth limited, providing only still frame or video conferencing capabilities. Because telephone system carriers for the most part use the PSTN only for connectivity between subscribers, there is no capability for dynamic routing of digitized video without dedicated leased, wide bandwidth circuits. Telephone line based systems also fail to provide acceptable VCR type functional control of the programming.
Copending application Ser. No. 07/766,535, filed by the assignee of the present invention on Sep. 27, 1991, entitled PSTN ARCHITECTURE FOR VIDEO-ON-DEMAND SERVICES and upon which the present invention is an improvement, describes a so-called Video-on-Demand service that provides video programming to subscribers over the PSTN. A menu of video programming information is accessible at the subscriber's premises. The subscriber may transmit ordering information via the PSTN to the independent video information providers. Video programming may be accessed and transmitted to the subscriber directly from a video information provider (VIP) or through a video buffer located at a central office (CO) serving the subscriber.
The VIP transmits coded digital video data over wideband PSTN supplied connectivity to a central office. The video data may be buffered at the central office for transmission over a POTS line to the subscriber. A subscriber may use either a standard telephone instrument over the PSTN or a dedicated control device over an ISDN packet network to order the video programming. Such a device is located at a television set of the subscriber and permits a display of the program menu on the television screen.
Connectivity between the central office and the subscriber for transmission of video data is provided by an asymmetrical digital subscriber line (ADSL) system. ADSL interface units perform multiplexing of digital video information with voice information to be transmitted to the subscriber and support transmission on the ISDN packet data network of a reverse control channel from the subscriber to the central office.
However, video-on-demand service does not include an integral library of video program material, hence enabling only limited storage capabilities for video and audio data supplied by a VIP. Enhanced functionality is required to efficiently support multiple program storage. Furthermore, to support network management, a need remains for a system which dynamically interacts with network facilities to reconfigure network resources in real-time and in response to information requests.
Furthermore, certain operational enhancements have been found to be desirable in the video-on-demand service described in the aforementioned parent application. For example, it is occasionally desired to order a video program from the subscriber's office to be played later at the premises of the subscriber. On the other hand, the subscriber must be home and remember to turn a decoder on at the reserved time, to watch the requested program. If not, the subscriber will not have the opportunity to view the selection but will be charged for it anyway. Hence, it would be desirable to transmit the program and enable a charge to be incurred only if it can be determined that the subscriber is going to view the program.
In accordance with video-on-demand service as described in the copending application, the subscriber can order any programming from the video information provider through the telephone keypad or remote control unit. However, the unrestricted ability of anyone at the subscriber's residence to place an order for any programming is undesirable, for example, where children are involved. It would be desirable to restrict the ability of viewers to order only those types of programming they are permitted to view.
Accordingly, a broad object of the invention is to implement video programming on demand using components of the PSTN.
Another object of the invention is to enable access by a telephone subscriber to multiple sources of video programming over the PSTN.
Still another object of the invention is to enable subscribers of the PSTN to have real time control of video programming delivery to their television sets.
Another object is to enable a subscriber to select video programming from a remote location and receive the selection at the subscriber's premises.
A further object of the invention is to ensure that the video program decoder at the subscriber's premises is turned on before a previously ordered selection is transmitted.
Still another object is to establish service constraints that prevent an unauthorized requester, e.g., a child at the subscriber's premises, from ordering restricted programming.Easy-open composite containers for packaging various products, particularly products under pressure such as refrigerated dough products and the like, constitute a significant commercial consumer product. Typically, these containers are formed of a spirally-wound paperboard or board stock bodywall layer and an interior liner layer for preventing leaking of the contents from the container. The spirally-wound bodywall layer usually includes a butt joint formed by adjacent edges of the bodywall layer and which forms a spiral seam extending from one end of the container to the other end. The exterior label layer surrounds the bodywall layer and covers or bridges the spiral seam to reinforce such seam and prevent premature opening along the spiral seam.
Commercially significant containers of this type are disclosed in commonly assigned U.S. Pat. No. 3,981,433 which is directed to a one-step easy-open container including an inner liner layer, a bodywall layer and an outer label layer, all of which are spirally-wound to form a spiral easy-open seam in the bodywall layer. In this type of container, when the outer label layer is either totally removed or that portion bridging the spiral butt joint of the bodywall layer is torn away from the spiral seam, the pressurized dough products expands outwardly and causes the spiral seam of the bodywall layer to open. This allows access to the dough and the interior of the container through the spiral easy-open seam in the container.
The outer label layer surrounding the spiral seam in containers of this type is an important structural component of the container because the outer label layer bridges the spiral seam and maintains it in closed position. Accordingly, in order to easy-open the container, that portion of the label layer which bridges the easy-open spiral seam of the bodywall layer must be stripped away to expose the spiral seam for easy-opening. Alternatively, the label layer may be totally peeled away from and removed from the bodywall layer of the container. This is desirable if a coupon or other advertising material is positioned under the label layer for removal by the purchaser of the container when opening of the container.
Various mechanisms have been provided to aid in such easy-opening including provision of a tear tab for starting the peeling or removal of the label layer so that the label layer may be torn toward a "collar cut" extending around the periphery of the label layer near one end of the container for completely removing the label layer from the bodywall layer during easy-opening. Also, tear strips have been provided between the label layer and the bodywall layer in bridging relation to the easy-open spiral seam of the bodywall layer to act as a tearing medium for tearing away that portion of the label layer which bridges the easy-open spiral seam of the bodywall layer. However, with both procedures for removing the label layer from the spiral easy-open seam of the bodywall layer, tearing of the label layer in a desired direction has created problems and often such tearing does not accomplish the desired purpose of either removing the entire label layer or just a bridging portion of the label layer from the spiral seam of the bodywall layer for easy-opening of the container. Tearing is also affected by the direction of pulling or tear pressure applied by the user which is sometimes dictated by being right-handed or left-handed or by having the container in an upright position or in an upside-down position.1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to a telephone apparatus that allows the user to use a caller ID service informing him or her of the telephone number and the name of the calling party and a signal detection circuit for use therewith.
2. Description of the Related Art
In the North American countries, a caller ID service that informs the user of the telephone number and the name of the calling party has been used. In such a caller ID service, when a telephone terminal receives a call, the service informs the user of the telephone number and the name of the calling party. As a modification to the above conventional service, a new type of service has been proposed. In this new service, while a first user is communicating with a second user, if a third user calls the first user, the service informs the first user of the telephone number and the name of the third user who is call-waiting. In other words, when the first user does not know who is the third user, the first user does not know whether or not the third user is superior to the second user. When the first user receives a call waiting signal, however, and if the first user is informed who is the third user, the first user can conveniently determine to whom the first user should talk.
Such a new type caller ID service can be accomplished in the following manner.
While the first user is communicating with the second user, if the third user calls the first user, the telephone exchange sends a dual tone signal referred to as CAS (Call Alert Signal) to the telephone of the first user so as to mute the receiving speech signal. Responding to the CAS signal, the telephone of the first user sends a DTMF signal that represents "D" so as to receive information from the third user. When the telephone exchange has received the "D" signal of the DTMF signal from the telephone terminal of the first user, the telephone exchange sends data of the telephone number and the name of the third user as FSK (Frequency Shift Keying) modulated data. The telephone terminal of the first user demodulates the FSK-modulated data, decodes the data of the telephone number and the name of the third user, and displays the decoded data on the display of the telephone terminal.
In the new type caller ID service corresponding to the call-waiting signal, before the telephone exchange sends the telephone number and the name of the third user, it sends the CAS signal that causes the telephone terminal of the first user to mute the receiving speech signal. The CAS signal is a dual tone signal with frequencies of 2130 Hz and 2750 Hz. The CAS signal lasts for 80 msec. The telephone terminal that accomplishes the new type caller ID service corresponding to the call-waiting signal has a signal detection circuit that detects the dual tone signal with frequencies 2130 Hz and 2750 Hz.
Generally, as shown in FIG. 1, the signal detection circuit that detects such a dual tone signal comprises a frequency band limiting filter 102, a band pass filter 103 that extracts a frequency component of 2130 Hz, a band pass filter 104 that extracts a frequency component of 2750 Hz, a tone detection circuit 105 that detects whether or not the component of the tone signal is present, and a guard time setting circuit 106 that determines whether or not a component of the tone signal is continuously detected for a predetermined guard time that is shorter than the time period of the CAS signal.
In the new type caller ID service corresponding to the call-waiting signal, the CAS signal that is a dual tone signal with frequencies of 2130 Hz and 2750 Hz is supplied from the telephone exchange to an input terminal 101. When the CAS signal is received, the band pass filter 103 extracts a frequency component of 2130 Hz. The band pass filter 104 extracts a frequency component of 2750 Hz. The extracted frequency components are supplied to the tone detection circuit 105. When the tone detection circuit 105 detects these frequency components of the tone signal, it outputs a detection signal. Since the CAS signal lasts for 80 msec, the guard time setting circuit 106 detects the tone signal for a time period more than a predetermined guard time which is shorter than the time period of the CAS signal. A detection signal that represents the dual tone signal is outputted from an output terminal 107.
A transmitting speech signal and a receiving speech signal flow on a telephone line. Not only a signal sent from the telephone exchange, but a transmitting speech signal of the telephone terminal are supplied to the input terminal 101. The transmitting speech signal may contain a component of the tone signal by chance. When the detection signal contains frequency components of 2130 Hz and 2750 Hz and the transmitting speech signal lasts for the predetermined guard time, although the transmitting speech signal is not the dual tone signal of the CAS signal, the detection signal that represents that the tone signal is present is fed to the output terminal 107. In particular, speech signals of some users may have spectrum peaks at frequencies 2130 Hz and 2750 Hz by chance. When such users send calls, mis-detections may frequently take place.
To prevent such mis-detections, the guard time may be set to 30 msec or more. However, in the case that the guard time is set to 30 msec or more, since a transmitting speech signal is present while the dual tone signal is being detected, the sound level of the transmitting speech signal may exceed the sound level of the dual tone signal during the guard time. Thus, frequently, the signal detection is adversely affected. In the case that the guard time is set to around 5 msec, since the dual tone signal can be detected in a no-sound period between words, the probability that the signal detection is adversely affected becomes high. Moreover, as described, the probability that a component of the speech signal is detected as the dual tone signal becomes high.Enterprise applications are typically large software applications that are used by many customers or users, such as employees of a business. These applications usually have multiple components that interact with one another and with other systems to perform various tasks. Enterprise applications include, e.g., enterprise resource planning, customer relationship management, and electronic messaging systems.
While the enterprise applications may offer a host of functionality, businesses using these applications sometimes need to customize the enterprise applications. As an example, a business may add or modify components to perform or validate the rules of the business. As another example, the business may add or modify user interface (“UI”) components to implement a look and feel that may be unique to the business. Administrators may expend considerable effort in customizing the UIs, testing their customizations, training users, developing user manuals, and performing other activities relating to the enterprise applications and their customizations.
Vendors of enterprise applications sometimes upgrade the enterprise applications. Such upgrades may be necessitated by, e.g., addition of important functionality requested by the business, resolution of defects in the enterprise applications, addition of new features that may be valuable to several customers of the vendor, and a variety of other reasons.
Enterprise applications may comprise multiple repositories. As an example, an enterprise application may comprise a repository of components delivered by a vendor and a repository of components added by a business. Repositories comprise components of an enterprise application. As an example, a repository may contain UI or logic components of an enterprise application. When administrators upgrade the enterprise application, they may need to again expend considerable resources in reapplying their customizations, which could increase the total cost of ownership of such enterprise applications. It would thus be desirable to upgrade enterprise applications without incurring such additional costs.1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to a multi-leaf collimator for, when a radiation beam is irradiated to a target inside a radiation object, forming an irradiation area of the radiation beam in match with a target shape. The present invention also relates to a medical system including an accelerator.
2. Description of the Related Art
In one typical example for irradiating a radiation beam (e.g., a charged particle beam) to a target inside a radiation object, the radiation beam is irradiated to cancer cells (referred to as “diseased part” hereinafter) in a patient body. In such a case, the radiation object corresponds to the patient, and the target corresponds to the diseased part.
When irradiating a radiation beam to the diseased part in a patient body, if an irradiation area of the radiation beam does not match with a target shape, the radiation beam is also irradiated to a normal part around the diseased part. Irradiation of the radiation beam, which has been emitted for remedy of the diseased part, to the normal part around the diseased part may adversely affect the normal part. It is therefore important to define the irradiation area precisely in match with the diseased part, and to minimize irradiation of the radiation beam to the normal part.
A multi-leaf collimator is known as one solution for forming an irradiation area in match with a shape of the diseased part to avoid a radiation beam from being irradiated to the normal part that should be protected against the irradiation.
Such a multi-leaf collimator comprises two leaf plate driving body each including a number of movable shield plates (leaf plates), which are capable of shielding the radiation beam and disposed in the multi-layered form. The leaf plates are arranged so as to sandwich a propagation path of a radiation beam emitted from a radiation source toward the diseased part, and ends of the leaf plates of the two leaf plate driving body are positioned to face each other so that an irradiation field of the radiation beam is formed between the opposing ends. In each leaf plate driver, positions of the leaf plates are individually adjusted by the driving force of driving means, such as an electric motor, to form a space gap, which is similar to the irradiation area, between the leaf plates of one leaf plate driver and the leaf plates of the other leaf plate driver, thereby allowing passage of only the radiation beam that propagates toward the desired irradiation area. Then, the radiation beam having passed the space gap forms the irradiation field, shaped as desired, at the position of the diseased part. With the construction described above, of the radiation beam having reached the multi-leaf collimator, a component directing to other areas than the irradiation area is shielded by the leaf plates, and therefore the irradiation to an unnecessary part (normal part other than the diseased one) can be prevented.
To improve the accuracy in forming contours of the irradiation field when the multi-leaf collimator is used to define the desired shape of the irradiation field, it is required not only to employ a number of leaf plates having a smaller thickness, but also to position each leaf plate with high accuracy. U.S. Pat. No. 4,794,629, for example, is known as the related art in consideration of that point. In a multi-leaf collimator according to that related art, a leaf plate driver on one side and a leaf plate driver on the other side each comprise a number of leaf plates having gears provided at upper edges thereof, a single unit of driving means provided in common to all the leaf plates for adjusting positions of the leaf plates, and a gearing mechanism brought into mesh with the gears of the leaf plates for transmitting the driving force from the driving means. The gearing mechanism is slid in the thickness direction of the leaf plate to be meshed with the gear of each leaf plate successively so that the driving force from the driving means is transmitted to the leaf plates one by one. Each leaf plate can be thereby positioned at a desired position.
The above-cited related art, however, has the problem as follows.
The related art is constructed, as described above, such that the gearing mechanism is brought into mesh with the gear of each leaf plate successively for driving each leaf plate to the desired position in sequence. When forming the irradiation area in practice, therefore, a number of leaf plates must be positioned successively one by one, and a time taken to complete the formation of the irradiation area is prolonged. This results in difficulties in shortening a remedy time, and hence in reducing physical and mental burdens imposed on patients.Electroabsorptive modulators (EAM) are known to be used for modulating RF signals. There are many known benefits associated with optical modulation of RF signals including very small size, higher operating frequencies, immunity to electromagnetic interference, and relatively wide signal bandwidth.
An EAM is typically a semiconductor waveguide device in which the absorption region (also known as the absorption layer) also serves as an optical waveguiding layer. As is known in the art, an electric field applied across the waveguide causes a change in the optical absorption of the device, which in turn causes the intensity of the light passing through the waveguide to be modulated. By applying an RF signal to the device, the intensity modulation of the input light signal will vary in accordance with the variation of the RF signals.
However, in order to maximize the performance of an optical system, it is necessary to increase the optical power delivered to the detector in the system. One method of maximizing system performance is to minimize optical insertion losses in the system. In particular, it is desirable to minimize optical insertion losses, also known as coupling losses, between a laser transmitter and the waveguide portion of the EAM. Another method of maximizing system performance is to increase the output of the laser transmitter to offset any coupling losses. However, EAMs suffer from a charge screening effect that minimizes the modulation efficiency of EAMs at high optical insertion power. As a result, optical power levels at the input of an EAM must be limited to values below the saturation level of the optical element at high optical insertion power.
It is also known to design EAMs using optical couplers, for example peripheral coupled waveguides, to minimize electroabsorption saturation by controlling an amount of optical power absorbed in the waveguide from the laser transmitter through an input facet. It is further known to reduce an optical confinement factor in an electroabsorption region of the EAM to prevent saturation of the EAM. In one method, the electroabsorption region of the EAM having a reduced optical confinement factor is placed in optical communication with a laser transmitter to limit the optical power absorbed by the EAM. However, if the optical confinement factor is constant along the waveguide portion of the EAM, an input region of the waveguide absorbs the most optical power and tends to saturate first at high optical input powers, thereby reducing the modulation efficiency. At very high optical input power, the input region of the waveguide of the EAM may undergo catastrophic failure due to heat produced by sustained generation of high photocurrent.
A peripheral coupled waveguide EAM is disclosed in U.S. Pat. No. 7,167,605, incorporated herein by reference in its entirety, wherein an electroabsorption material is placed within an evanescent tail of an optical wave guided within an optical waveguide. A modulation voltage is applied to the electroabsorption material within the evanescent tail of the optical wave to modulate the optical wave. U.S. Pat. No. 7,167,605 further discloses optimizing an optical confinement factor to maximize performance of the EAM.
An optical waveguide taper has been shown to improve the performance of a single modulator by changing the confinement factor of the waveguide as a function of position along the length of the waveguide. For example, combining a reduced optical confinement factor at an input region of the waveguide with an increasing optical mode confinement factor in the center of the waveguide can improve the optical saturation power of the EAM. However, the optical confinement factor must be reduced at the exit of the waveguide portion of the EAM if the EAM is to couple to an external photonic component, for example on another EAM chip.
Certain applications, such as a photonics-based satellite communications front end for example, require two or more modulators to perform needed frequency translation functionality. However, the process of coupling optical signals from a laser chip to a modulator chip and then to a second modulator chip produces excess coupling losses that minimize the effectiveness of the system. It is therefore desirable to develop an EAM device and method to optimize the coupling and performance of multiple EAMs independently of the optical input.Embodiments of the invention relate to using parallel insert sub-ranges to insert into a column store.
A database may store data in a table that consist of rows (also referred to as tuples or records) and columns (also referred to as fields or attributes) of data. The database may be accessed using Structured Query Language (SQL) interface. The SQL interface has evolved into a standard language for RDBMS software and has been adopted as such by both the American National Standards Institute (ANSI) and the International Standards Organization (ISO).
A table in a database may be accessed using an index. An index is an ordered set of references (e.g., pointers) to the records in the table. The index is used to access each record in the table using a key (i.e., one of the fields or attributes of the record, which corresponds to a column). The term “key” may also be referred to as “index key”. Without an index, finding a record requires a scan (e.g., linearly) of an entire table. Indexes provide an alternate technique to accessing data in a table. Users can create indexes on a table after the table is built. An index is based on one or more columns of the table. The data in the table may be stored in pages of physical storage.
A query may be described as a request for information from a database based on specific conditions. A query typically includes one or more predicates. A predicate may be described as an element of a search condition that expresses or implies a comparison operation (e.g., A=3).
The database may be column store oriented or row store oriented. Both have INSERT, UPDATE and DELETE (IUD) functionality. From the viewpoint of an external user or application, complete rows (possibly omitting columns that have defaults) are inserted, regardless of whether the database is row store oriented or column store oriented. Internally, in a row store oriented database the entire row is stored on a page, while, in a column store oriented database, each column value is stored in one of the pages that belongs to that column (while inserting a complete row in a single insert operation).
Tables that are column store oriented may be referred to as “columnar tables”. Some conventional systems insert into columnar tables using staging tables. A staging table may be row-based, supporting concurrent insert to the same pages through the usual locking/latching. Some conventional systems disallow updates to new rows. Some conventional systems do not compress data until merge time. Also, with staging tables, insert, update, and delete operations require updating two tables (a staging table and a target table), and queries require reading two tables (the staging table and the target table).Power plants, such as automotive or marine engines, and engines driving stationary electrical generators or pumps, for example, are often required to operate over a wide range of output torque. An automobile engine, for example, must provide a significant amount of torque for accelerating the automobile from rest to a cruising speed. Once the automobile has reached the cruising speed, substantially less torque is generally required for maintaining the cruising speed. An engine that produces sufficient power for rapidly accelerating an automobile will generally be larger than would be required for maintaining cruising speed, and will operate inefficiently when throttled back to produce only the power required for maintaining the desired cruising speed. A stationary power plant driving a generator presents a similar challenge when electrical loads are imposed on, and removed from the generator.
One approach to improving the efficiency of power plants used in such applications is to utilize multi-engine power plants, having two or more engines, or two or more engine modules, with output shafts that are selectively coupled together when the demand for output torque is high, such as during acceleration of an automobile. Once a steady state condition is reached, and the torque requirement is reduced, such as during steady speed cruising of an automobile, the second engine is decoupled, and may actually be shut down to improve efficiency of the power plant. Commonly assigned U.S. Pat. No. 6,306,056 B1, to Moore, and U.S. Pat. No. 6,474,068 B1, to Abdel Jalil, et al, describe methods and apparatus for operating multi-engine power plants in this manner.
Both Moore, and Abdel Jalil, disclose individually controlling airflow to separate internal combustion engines of a multi-engine power plant. This approach works well, and is consistent with state of the art beliefs, as held by those having skill in the art, that airflow to each engine must be controlled with a separate throttle body, in order to achieve proper operation and torque sharing of the engines. It has been commonly accepted by those having skill in the art that a separate throttle body was required for each engine in a multi-engine power plant, to control the speed of an engine during the period of time when that engine was being started, so that the engine speed would not run away while the engine was being started and brought up to an operating speed that matched the speed of other engines in the power plant that were already running.
The inventor of the present invention has discovered, however, that in a multi-engine power plant, including a first internal combustion engine module having an air intake and an output shaft for delivering power, and a second internal combustion engine module having an air intake and an output shaft for delivering power, air flow can be controlled to the intakes of the engine modules at a common manifold absolute pressure (MAP) of both engine modules, during operation of one or both of the engine modules, with a single throttle body operatively connected to the air intakes of both the first and second engine modules.
By using only a single throttle body for controlling airflow to two or more engine modules of a multi-engine power plant, a number of duplicate components, that were required in prior multi-engine power plants, can be eliminated. The complexity, cost, weight and size of a power plant according to the invention are all reduced, and reliability is improved, in comparison to prior multi-engine power plants.
In one form of the invention, an apparatus for controlling a multi-engine power plant includes a single throttle body, and a controller operatively connected to the throttle body for controlling a flow of air through the throttle body. The throttle body includes an inlet for receiving a flow of air, and an outlet operatively connected to the air intakes of both a first and a second engine module for delivering the flow of air to the intakes of the engine modules at a common manifold absolute pressure (MAP) of both engine modules during operation of one or both of the engine modules. The apparatus may further include an inlet manifold defining a common internal plenum, having an inlet for receiving the flow of air from the throttle body, a first outlet for delivering a portion of the flow of air from the common internal plenum to the intake of the first engine module, and a second outlet for delivering a remainder of the flow of air from the common internal plenum to the intake of the second engine module.
A multi-engine power plant, according to the invention may include a first internal combustion engine module having an air intake and an output shaft for delivering power, a second internal combustion engine module having an air intake and an output shaft for delivering power, and a single throttle body operatively connected to the air intakes of both the first and second engine modules, for controlling a flow of air to the intakes of the engine modules at a common manifold absolute pressure (MAP) of both engine modules during operation of one or both of the engine modules. The power plant may also include a selectively engagable clutch for operatively coupling the output shaft of the second engine module to output shaft of the first engine module, to thereby produce a common output torque from the first and second engine modules.
In an apparatus or method, according to the invention, a flow of fuel to the first engine module may be controlled independently from a flow of fuel to the second engine module, and a flow of fuel to the second engine module may be controlled independently from a flow of fuel to the first engine module. Ignition in the first engine module may also be controlled independently from ignition in the second engine module, and ignition in the second engine module may be controlled independently from ignition in the first engine module. The flow of air through the throttle body may be controlled as a function of a desired torque output of the power plant.
The output shaft of the second engine module may be selectively operatively connected to the output shaft of the first engine module. The flow of air through the throttle body may be controlled as a function of whether the output shaft of the second engine module is operatively coupled to the output shaft of the first engine module. The output shaft of the second engine module may be selectively operatively connected to the output shaft of the first engine module, as a function of the desired torque output of the power plant.
The flow of air through the throttle body may be controlled according to a first function of desired torque output from the power plant when only the first engine module is operating, and controlled according to a second function of desired torque output when both the first and second engine modules are operating. When the speed of the output shaft of the second engine module does not substantially match the speed of the output shaft of the first engine module, as would be the case when the first engine module was operating but the second engine module was only idling or being started, for example, the throttle body may be controlled according to a third function of desired torque output from the power plant. The second engine module may also be started, by coupling its output shaft to the output shaft of the first engine module, while the first engine module is operating, and controlling the throttle body according to the third function of desired torque while the second engine module is being started.
The foregoing and other features and advantages of the invention will become further apparent from the following detailed description of exemplary embodiments, read in conjunction with the accompanying drawings. The detailed description and drawings are merely illustrative of our invention rather than limiting, the scope of the invention being defined by the appended claims and equivalents thereof.
Throughout the following description of exemplary embodiments of the invention, components and features that are substantially equivalent or similar will be identified in the drawings by the same reference numerals. For the sake of brevity, once a particular element or function of the invention has been described in relation to one exemplary embodiment, the description and function will not be repeated for elements that are substantially equivalent or similar in form and/or function to the components previously described, in those instances where the alternate exemplary embodiments will be readily understood by those skilled in the art from a comparison of the drawings showing the various exemplary embodiments in light of the description of a previously presented embodiment.Some problems in the area of conveyance of particulate materials were identified in International Application No. PCT/US2009/006733, published on Jul. 8, 2010 as International Publication No. WO/2010/077348. That publication is herein incorporated by reference, and the disclosure of that publication is deemed to be combined with the disclosure of the present specification.
Particulate materials such as coal are often transported in open top conveyances, usually railway gondola cars. The material is dumped somewhat indiscriminately into these cars to fill them by hoppers or other large-volume low-accuracy supply mechanisms, with the result that the material is piled somewhat loosely in the gondola car in a humped pile, high in some places, and not present in other void areas in the car.
The humped pile has a number of drawbacks. For one, it positions the particulate material such that air passing over the pile more readily carries away lighter particles and dust, resulting in waste and local deposition of large amounts of undesirable dust etc. Also, some space in the car is wasted by the lack of complete distribution of the material in the interior of the car.
Another problem relates to methods adopted to prevent dust from blowing away from the material in the gondola car. WO/2010/077348 shows a system and a method for compacting materials in an open top conveyance. This compaction is beneficial to prevent fly away of dust or small particulate material. Where the material is loaded in a high humped pile in the railway car, though, it may produce a problem, in that humped pile of material in the gondola car may be so disproportionately located in the car that compaction is difficult, and the amount of material that has to be moved to be compacted may strain the apparatus.Ferrofluidic screens and magnets for forming images on the screens are known. In such apparatus, magnetically active particles are disposed in a dispersion medium which substantially precludes travel of the particles throughout the medium yet permits the particles to orient themselves under the influence of a magnetic field. The dispersion medium and particles are typically disposed within an enclosure with at least one side of the enclosure forming a transparent or translucent screen. When a magnetic field is imposed on the magnetically active particles, the particles will orient or align themselves in the dispersion medium along the flux lines of the magnetic field. This alters the light transmission characteristics through the screen. The ferrofluidic screens were primarily developed for industrial application to display the magnetic field of magnetized materials (such as multi-pole magnets) as an aid for quality control during the production of magnets. A typical use of a ferrofluidic screen is to imploy a magnet in the form of a pen such that the pen, when moved along the screen surface, aligns the magnetically active particles to form an image, i.e., the magnetic pen writes on the ferrofluidic screen. The present invention adapts the ferrofluidic screen and magnet phenomena to a scanning apparatus for viewing from one side of an opaque surface element otherwise not visible on the opposite side of the surface.A power supply to control the flow of energy between a first alternating current (AC) system and a second AC system is required in a variety of commercial and industrial applications, such as the control of AC motor operation. Some such power supplies convert the energy from a first frequency and voltage to a second frequency and voltage. One way to implement such a system is with a drive containing one or more power cells that include two solid state converters with an intermediate direct current (DC) link. A power cell is an electrical device that has a three-phase alternating current input and a single-phase alternating current output. One such system is described in U.S. Pat. No. 5,625,545 to Hammond, the disclosure of which is incorporated herein by reference in its entirety.
Power cells may be either non-regenerative or regenerative. Non-regenerative power cells can drive a motor but cannot control the flow of current to brake a motor by absorbing regenerative power. Regenerative power cells have the capability of absorbing regenerative power and optionally returning it to the source, thus, allowing the cell to participating in braking the motor. Recently, power cells have been developed that use switching devices, such as insulated gate bipolar transistors (IGBTs) to allow the cell to assist in both driving and braking a motor. For example, referring to FIG. 1 herein, a power cell 160 includes an active front end 162 that serves as a three-phase bridge as it receives power from dedicated three-phase secondary windings of the transformer via an input 142. The cell 160 also includes a plurality of input switches 170-175, which may be bidirectional current-controlling devices such as IGBTs or other transistors, thyristors, or other switching devices. Although six transistors in a bridge format—in this example, three pairs of two transistors each connected in parallel across the DC terminals—are illustrated in FIG. 1, other numbers and types of input switches may be used. The input switches control the DC bus voltage in the cell. A DC filter section 166 includes one or more capacitors 168. The remainder of the cell may include an output stage 164 such as an H-bridge inverter made up of four output switches 131-134, each connected across the output or DC terminals of the active front end 162 and the DC filter 166, to deliver AC power to the output 144.
A circuit including power cells such as 160 in FIG. 1, when connected to a load such as a motor, can provide power from an input source to the motor when operating in the motoring mode. When input converter sections 162 such as those shown in FIG. 1 are used, drive switching events can product harmonic currents. Harmonic currents may also be produced when a single-phase inverter section is connected to a motor. The harmonics can be compounded when multiple cells have switches that operate at the same time.
U.S. Pat. No. 5,625,545 discloses that a multi-winding transformer may be used to reduce harmonic currents created by a unidirectional, or non-regenerative, power cell. However, this method may not always reduce harmonics in regenerative power cells to a desired level. Other methods, such as using a master clock to generate synchronized carriers and applying the carriers to multiple converters connected to a transformer having non-phase shifted secondary windings, have not been entirely effective, and many increase drive complexity and cost.
The disclosure contained herein describes attempts to reduce harmonics created by operating a power cell having bidirectional switching devices.In the course of daily life, one typically regards objects located at different distances from the eye. To selectively focus on such objects, the focal length of the eye's lens must change. In a healthy eye, this is achieved through the contraction of a ciliary muscle that is mechanically coupled to the lens. To the extent that the ciliary muscle contracts, it deforms the lens. This deformation changes the focal length of the lens. By selectively deforming the lens in this manner, it becomes possible to focus on objects that are at different distances from the eye. This process of selectively focusing on objects at different distances is referred to as “accommodation”.
As a person ages, the lens loses plasticity. As a result, it becomes increasingly difficult to deform the lens sufficiently to focus on objects at different distances. To compensate for this loss of function, it is necessary to provide different optical corrections for focusing on objects at different distances.
One approach to applying different optical corrections is to carry different pairs of glasses and to swap glasses as the need arises. For example, one might carry reading glasses for reading and a separate pair of distance glasses for driving. This is inconvenient both because of the need to carry more than one pair of glasses and because of the need to swap glasses frequently.
Bifocal lenses assist accommodation by integrating two different optical corrections onto the same lens. The lower part of the lens is ground to provide a correction suitable for reading or other close-up work while the remainder of the lens is ground to provide a correction for distance vision. To regard an object, a wearer of a bifocal lens need only maneuver the head so that rays extending between the object-of-regard and the pupil pass through that portion of the bifocal lens having an optical correction appropriate for the range to that object.
The concept of a bifocal lens, in which different optical corrections are integrated into the same lens, has been generalized to include trifocal lenses, in which three different optical corrections are integrated into the same lens, and continuous gradient lenses in which a continuum of optical corrections are integrated into the same lens. However, just as in the case of bifocal lenses, optical correction for different ranges of distance using these multifocal lenses relies extensively on relative motion between the pupil and the lens.
Once a lens is implanted in the eye, the lens and the pupil move together as a unit. Thus, no matter how the patient's head is tilted, rays extending between the object-of-regard and the pupil cannot be made to pass through a selected portion of the implanted lens. As a result, multifocal lenses are generally unsuitable for intraocular implantation because once the lens is implanted into the eye, there can be no longer be relative motion between the lens and the pupil.
A lens suitable for intraocular implantation is therefore generally restricted to being a single focus lens. Such a lens can provide optical correction for only a single range of distances. A patient who has had such a lens implanted into the eye must therefore continue to wear glasses to provide optical corrections for those distances that are not accommodated by the intraocular lens.Not applicable.
Not applicable.
Not applicable.
The present invention relates to a method and an arrangement for controlling the flow of a coolant fluid in a compressor, in particular in a rotary compressor.
The compressors of interest here, in particular rotary compressors, are specifically screw-type compressors with fluid injection. Because such machines are frequently employed at a number of different sites, they are ordinarily movable or at least transportable. From these machines the compressed process fluid is sent through conduits to attached process-fluid consuming apparatus, for example compressed-air tools such as pneumatic hammers, pneumatic impact screwdrivers, pneumatic grinders etc.
Such compressors, for instance oil-injection screw compressors, have been known for many years. During the compression process a coolant fluid, in particular oil, is injected into the compression space to become mixed with the process fluid in these compressors. The coolant fluid serves to cool the process fluid by conducting the heat of compression away into a separate cooling circuit, and in addition acts to lubricate particular components of the compressor as well as to seal off the compression space. If the process fluid is air, it is usually sucked in from the surroundings and therefore usually contains an amount of water vapor that depends on its temperature.
A first problem, which in this case becomes apparent during the injection or recycling of the coolant fluid, lies in the risk that the temperature will fall below the condensation point for the water vapor present in the air used as process fluid. Water that has condensed out can to a certain extent become emulsified with the coolant fluid, in particular the oil, or can even be injected or recycled as an extra phase. This presents the following disadvantages, among others: reduction of the lubricant properties of the coolant fluid, increased corrosion of the components, and greater wear and tear of the bearings in the compressor.
A second problem, which should be distinguished from the first, arises when the process fluid, in particular the compressed air in the conduit leading to the pneumatic apparatus, cools off so that water contained in the process fluid condenses out. As a result, corrosion can occur in the pneumatic apparatus, with permanent damage as a potential consequence. The problem is exacerbated when within the conduits to the pneumatic apparatus, or in the apparatus itself, ice formation occurs because of the low ambient temperature and the conduits to or within the pneumatic apparatus are thereby partially or completely blocked. These effects can be made still worse by expansion of the compressed air in the apparatus, which can lead to functional inadequacies or even total failure of the associated pneumatic apparatus to operate.
A third, additional problem is created when the temperature regulation conventionally provided for the coolant fluid is designed to prevent only the first two problems, so that a process fluid at high temperatures is delivered to the pneumatic consuming apparatus. When the ambient temperature is high, only a slight degree of cooling occurs on the way to the pneumatic consuming apparatus, which can cause thermally induced injury to the operator of the apparatus.
Many preliminary considerations are known regarding ways to control the coolant fluid in compressors against the background of the problems cited above. A technical regulation principle in current use for controlling the temperature of a coolant fluid in compressors is disclosed, for example, in patent EP 0 067 949 B1. Here a thermostatic slide valve determines whether coolant fluid is sent through a fluid cooler to be used for cooling, or is shunted past the cooler in order to raise the temperature. With this form of regulation the temperature of the coolant fluid is kept relatively constant, and is set at a level such that on one hand it does not cause the temperature of the process fluid to fall below the condensation point, while on the other hand a temperature so high as potentially to damage the coolant fluid is avoided.
In U.S. Pat. No. 4,289,461 a further developed valve unit with an inlet and an outlet for coolant fluid is described. Here again, the volume flow of the coolant fluid in a bypass conduit that bridges the fluid cooler is regulated, such that a portion of the flow of coolant fluid is always passed through the fluid cooler. The regulation is achieved by means of a valve comprising two control units that act in opposite directions, one control unit operating dependent on the inlet temperature and the second one, dependent on the system temperature. One of the disadvantages of this design is that the control valve is complicated in structure and subject to malfunction, and furthermore a certain minimal volume flow of coolant fluid passes through the fluid cooler. Hence this proportion of the coolant fluid is constantly cooled, which thus also lowers the temperature of the process fluid.
U.S. Pat. No. 4,431,390 discloses a form of regulation in which a second bypass conduit is also provided as a shunt around the fluid cooler. In this second bypass conduit there is an additional valve which, when activated by a processor, allows a specific amount of coolant fluid to bypass the cooler in the form of a pulse. The release of these pulses by the processor depends on various parameters. Hence this solution is extremely elaborate to implement, both because multiple parameters must be monitored and evaluated and because an additional bypass conduit must be provided.
The solutions discussed above are predominantly concerned with the problem of keeping the coolant fluid in the compressor itself at a temperature such that water does not condense out and hence impairment of the coolant fluid and of the compressor is prevented. At the same time, the forms of regulation here disclosed are designed so as also to avoid raising the coolant fluid to a temperature high enough to be potentially damaging. However, the problems associated with the condensation of water while it is in the pneumatic consumer devices or in the conduits leading thereto are not addressed.
A variant of a solution relevant to this point is known from the patent DE 36 01 816 A1. There the compressed process fluid, which has been heated to about 60xc2x0 C. above the intake temperature of the compressor, is passed through an overdimensioned after cooler to bring it down to a temperature about 10xc2x0 C. above the intake temperature. A considerable proportion of the water vapor present in the process fluid is thereby caused to condense out and is eliminated by a condensate trap. The compressed process fluid is subsequently sent to a heat exchanger where it is rewarmed so that ultimatelyxe2x80x94influenced to some degree by the current ambient parameters, which in this design are assumed to be unchangingxe2x80x94a process fluid is produced that is quite dry and about 60xc2x0 C. above the intake temperature, i.e. very hot.
It is an object of the present invention to provide an arrangement for controlling the coolant fluid in a conventional compressor which has a simple, economical and reliable construction and wherein it is possible to reduce or, where possible, avoid the condensation of water out of both a coolant fluid and a process fluid output by the compressor to another apparatus, in particular with respect to condensation and freezing events in the receiving apparatus itself, while a high degree of operating facility is maintained.
According to a first aspect of the present invention there is provided an arrangement for controlling the flow of a coolant fluid through a compressor comprising: a coolant-fluid inlet for coolant fluid discharged from the compressor and a coolant-fluid outlet for returning the coolant fluid to the compressor; a fluid cooler through which at least a proportion of the coolant fluid can be passed for cooling, when necessary; a system-control actuator which controls the magnitude of the proportion of the coolant fluid that passes through the fluid cooler on the basis of system parameters including the temperature of the coolant fluid by fluid-control means; a fluid-control device; and a summer-/winter-operation actuator, which in a summer position takes priority over the system-control actuator so as to limit the action of the system-control actuator in one direction, such that when the summer-/winter-operation actuator is activated, the proportion of the coolant fluid that is passed through the fluid cooler is increased or diminished by the fluid-control device.
The present invention therefore provides a summer-/winter-operation actuator which, taking priority over the system-control actuator, in a summer position completely or partially overrides the action of the system-control actuator in a direction such that when the summer-/winter-operation actuator is activated, the proportion of the coolant fluid flow that is sent through the fluid cooler is appropriately increased or reduced by a fluid-control means.
The invention achieves its object by making use of the fact that the temperature of the process fluid at the point where it emerges from the installation is determined by the temperature of the coolant fluid, and in particular corresponds approximately to the maximal temperature of the coolant fluid. Control of the temperature of the process fluid at the installation output can therefore be accomplished by influencing both the injection temperature and the injection amount of the coolant fluid.
To avoid undesired condensation of moisture in the compressor, but especially in the conduits leading to apparatus receiving the compressed process fluid from the compressor and/or within the apparatus themselves, the arrangement can initially be adjusted so that the process fluid is less strongly cooled and is sent to the consuming apparatus or into the conduits leading thereto at a comparatively high temperature. The cooling that occurs within the conduits, or by the time the fluid reaches the consuming apparatus, then usually suffices to ensure the comfort of the personnel responsible for operating the consuming apparatus. Only when the ambient temperature is high, so that the cooling effect on the process fluid as it is conducted to the consuming apparatus is in some circumstances no longer as great, does the invention provide for further cooling of the process fluid under the influence of a summer-/winter-operation actuator.
The summer-/winter-operation actuator or, more generally speaking, an ambient-temperature-compensation actuator, is provided in order to compensate as far as possible a reduction or enhancement of cooling brought about by a higher or lower ambient temperature. The terms xe2x80x9csummerxe2x80x9d and xe2x80x9cwinterxe2x80x9d in the context of summer-/winter-operation actuator or summer/winter position are used herein and in the claims in order to facilitate understanding, and in general designate two different kinds of ambient conditions, namely warmer surroundings on one hand and colder surroundings on the other hand.
Hence the winter operation is intended to prevent the temperature from falling below the condensation point of the process fluid on its way to the consuming apparatus, whereas the summer operation is intended to avoid exceeding a maximal temperature at the apparatus.
With the arrangement described here it is possible by simple means to solve, in a reliable and economical manner, problems of all three kinds present in the state of the art, namely condensation in the compressor, condensation in the conduits leading to the consuming apparatus or in the apparatus themselves, and excessive heating of the consuming apparatus devices just when the ambient temperature is high.
In an alternative embodiment the summer-/winter-operation actuator, which in more general terms can be called an ambient-temperature-compensation actuator for compensating effects on the cooling of fluid associated with a higher or lower temperature of the ambient air, comprises a manual control apparatus by means of which the summer-/winter-operation actuator can be adjusted, in particular can be switched between two positions, namely a summer position and a winter position. Obviously the manual control apparatus can be constructed in various ways; for example, it can comprise a hand-operated lever, a setting wheel, where appropriate with a stepping-down action, and/or another suitable control device.
In one specific embodiment the summer-/winter-operation actuator comprises an actuating shaft with a cam structure such that the cam structure acts on the fluid-control device by way of a control element. In this case the actuating shaft can, for instance, cooperate with the manual control device or also be driven by an electric motor or by pneumatic or hydraulic means.
In another alternative embodiment the summer-/winter-operation actuator is functionally connected to a thermocouple in contact with the outside air, so that the outside-air thermocouple activates the summer-/winter-operation actuator in dependence on the external or ambient temperature.
In yet another alternative embodiment the summer-/winter-operation actuator is functionally connected to a thermosensor that activates the summer-/winter-operation actuator in dependence on the outside temperature. In both of the preceding embodiments the advantage over a manual control apparatus is that there is automatic compensation of an elevated or reduced cooling effect when the ambient air is colder or warmer, whereas with a manual control apparatus the activation of the summer-/winter-operation actuator has to be performed by the operating personnel.
In an especially preferred embodiment the system-control actuator and the summer-/winter-operation actuator are functionally connected to a common fluid-control device that adjusts the proportion of the coolant-fluid flow that is directed through the fluid cooler, such that the functional connection between the system-control actuator and the fluid-control device is completely or partially interrupted in one direction of action when the summer-/winter-operation actuator is adjusted in the direction towards a summer position. In this way, when both the system-control actuator and the summer-/winter-operation actuator influence the flow of the coolant fluid by way of only one common fluid-control device, control of the cooling of the process fluid can be especially simply and effectively accomplished. At the same time the actuator prioritization, which is regarded as a useful feature, is implemented in a particularly simple manner, inasmuch as when it is needed, the summer-/winter-operation actuator can be put into a position in which it completely or partly eliminates the action of the fluid-control device in one direction. This makes it possible to set the installation initially to a relatively high temperature of the process fluid, as described at the outset, and then, when the ambient temperature is high, to make corrections by means of the summer-/winter-operation actuator.
In one embodiment of the invention the system-control actuator and summer-/winter-operation actuator are disposed coaxially, which enables a relatively simple construction.
In another preferred embodiment a displaceably mounted control element is made integral with the fluid-control device, as a control cylinder. Here the displaceably mounted control element is a force- or action-transmitting means, which need not necessarily be immersed in the fluid flow. Preferably also, the one-piece cylinder extends into the fluid flow and simultaneously comprises sealing surfaces, to seal off the fluid channel.
In a structurally preferred embodiment the system-control actuator is attached to and preferably within the control element and is braced against a contact surface that is fixed in a given position regardless of the position of the summer-/winter-operation actuator. Thus depending on the position of the summer-/winter-operation actuator, the system-control actuator is only partially effective or in some circumstances entirely ineffective in one direction of action with respect to adjustment of the fluid-control device.
In one concrete, advantageous embodiment the summer-/winter-operation actuator acts on the control element by way of a displacement piston, directly or indirectly, to adjust the fluid-control device.
The summer-/winter-operation actuator can be switched between at least two positions. Preferably it can also occupy one or more intermediate positions or, as is especially preferred with respect to control technology, can be shifted continuously between a first (winter) position and a second (summer) position.
Furthermore, it is also possible to apply a logical reversal of the idea underlying the present invention, namely to use the arrangement for controlling the flow of coolant fluid so as to keep the process fluid in a compressor initially at a relatively low temperature, at which it is subject to condensation, and at critical, in this case cool ambient temperatures to give the summer-/winter-operation actuator or compensation actuator priority for influencing the flow of coolant fluid so as to raise the temperature of the process fluid. Moreover, with the concept of prioritization according to the present invention, the temperature of the process fluid can be influenced not only by controlling the temperature of the coolant fluid injected into the compressor but also, additionally or alternatively, by altering the volume flow of the coolant fluid.
Preferably also, the fluid-control device is positioned at a junction between a bypass conduit that bridges the fluid cooler and a cooling conduit associated with the fluid cooler, in such a way that when the flow of coolant fluid through the fluid cooler is increased, the amount of coolant fluid flowing through the bypass conduit is simultaneously reduced. In this case the junction at which the fluid-control device is positioned can be situated either ahead of the fluid cooler in the direction of flow or after the fluid cooler. Positioning of the fluid-control device at a junction is regarded as particularly advantageous because as the one flow component is increased, a simultaneous reduction of the other component is brought about, so that the influence of this action is extremely effective.
According to a third aspect of the present invention there is provided a method of controlling the flow of a coolant fluid through a compressor, in particular through a rotary compressor, in order to adjust the temperature of a process fluid wherein the coolant fluid discharged from the compressor can be directed through a fluid cooler when necessary for cooling, the proportion of coolant fluid injected into the compressor or the proportion of the coolant fluid that is directed through the fluid cooler being controlled on the basis of system parameters including the temperature of the coolant fluid, and wherein, in order to prevent condensation or ice formation in apparatus receiving the output from the compressor or in conduits connecting the compressor to such apparatus when the temperature of the outside air is low, in particular when the temperature of the outside air falls below a certain threshold TG, the proportion of coolant fluid injected into the compressor is decreased or the magnitude of the proportion of the coolant fluid directed through the fluid cooler is reduced or is interrupted.
In a preferred embodiment of this method, the coolant flow directed through the fluid cooler is initially reduced irrespective of the outside-air temperature and is only increased when the outside air becomes warm, in particular when its temperature rises above the threshold TG.
The present invention will now be described by way of example with reference to the attached drawings.1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to the field of computing technology, and more particularly to a method, system, and computer program for configuration nodes of SVC clusters.
2. Description of the Related Art
The Network Attached Storage (NAS) platform is already recognized as a key platform for digitization technology. NAS platform needs to be continuously developed to higher standards in terms of storage volume as well as data accessibility, data transmission, data management and storage scalability, in response to the requirements of various applications. It is safe to say that the quality of an NAS platform has a direct impact on the normal operation of the entire system. Therefore, to meet the increasing requirements of applications, a growing number of people have now become aware of the importance of Virtual Storage (VS).Circuitized substrates, and particularly printed circuit boards (PCBs), present a substantially planar surface on which electronic components are to be mounted. Circuit paths for these components are provided by forming conductive lines on the surface that connect component-mounting “thru-holes” in the board, for those components to which such connections are required, as well as simply between pads or the like if only surface coupling is desired, e.g., where solder balls are used as in the case of ball grid array (BGA) package structures. Electrical leads that extend from the components are electrically connected to the conductive lines when the components are mounted to the board thru-holes, or just to the pads if pad-to-pad and/or solder ball connections are used. PCBs can be single-sided, in which case components are mounted on only one surface of the circuit board, or double-sided, in which case components are mounted on opposing surfaces (and often connected to one another through the board). Today's PCBs typically include several dielectric (e.g., a glass fiber-resin combination material known as “FR4”) layers interspersed with the requisite number of conductor (e.g., copper) layers, which may be in the form of signal, power or ground layers. For such internal signal layers, the connecting lines thereof are also typically formed using the same processing as the external surface conductors, with the formed dielectric-conductor sub-composite then aligned and bonded to other sub-composites, typically using conventional lamination processes, to form the final multilayered (composite) structure.
PCBs are generally manufactured using either a subtractive etch process, a pattern plating process, or an electro-less pattern plating process, the latter also referred to as additive pattern plating. In all of these processes, a circuit mask that lays out the desired pattern of the conductive lines is transferred to the circuit board by printing the circuit mask pattern onto a polymeric radiation-sensitive resist material deposited on the board. The resist material is irradiated in the pattern of the circuit mask so that it is physically transformed where it is irradiated and is unchanged where shielded by the circuit mask. The resist material is then “developed” by exposing it to a fast-reacting chemical solution that selectively removes either the irradiated material (called a positive resist) or removes the non-irradiated material (called a negative resist).
Subtractive etching of PCBs typically begins with a board substrate comprised of a non-conductive material on which a layer of conductive material such as copper has been plated. A layer of photo-resist material is then deposited and “developed” in the circuit mask pattern so as to expose the conductive material where circuit paths are not desired. The exposed conductive material in the photo-resist voids is then etched away. Finally, the remaining photo-resist material is removed, leaving behind conductive lines wherever circuit paths were desired. The subtractive etch process provides good control over circuit path height because the amount of conductive material plated onto the substrate can be generally controlled very well. Precisely controlled circuit path height is especially important with surface mount techniques, especially when forming fine line circuitry with highly dense patterns. Unfortunately, the subtractive etch process generally does not provide precise control over circuit path width, due to plating variation and lack of sharply defined path edges. The lack of width control is disadvantageous with current demands for increasingly high component mounting densities that require relatively thin conductive lines placed in close proximity to each other.
Pattern plating, also referred to as acid plate pattern plating, uses electro-plating techniques to deposit conductive lines in circuit paths defined by photo-resist material voids. More specifically, a conductive foil layer on the circuit board is connected to an electrode and the conductive material is deposited onto the board in the resist material voids using an oppositely charged electrode. The width of the conductive lines is generally dependant on the developed photo-resist pattern, which typically is of photographic sharpness. Pattern plating thereby provides good control over circuit path width and permits conductive lines of relatively fine width. The circuit path height, however, is not as easily controlled because such height is dependent on the density of the desired conductive lines. As a result, isolated conductive lines are typically thicker than densely packed (closely spaced) conductive lines. Thus, line height is not precisely controlled by the acid plate process.
The additive (electro-less) plating process is similar to the acid plate pattern process, except that chemical plating processes are used rather than electro-plating processes. Additive plate fabrication generally requires more time to complete as compared to acid plate pattern fabrication but is not as susceptible to circuit path height variation according to line density. Additive plating does occasionally result in copper nodule formation, however.
The surfaces of pattern plated circuit boards need to be planarized prior to successfuil plating. Planarization methods such as surface machining remove non-planar regions of the board. Chemical mechanical polish, another often used method also employed in the semiconductor and ceramic industries, contains abrasive slurry materials which attack both resist and copper surfaces. Such polishing techniques are not compatible with many organic-based substrates, which are often used in conjunction with surface-mount technology circuit boards. Surface-mount technology is gaining in popularity because it permits higher component densities and faster component mounting as compared with more conventional wire-bonding techniques in which it is necessary to electrically interconnect several small contacts and conductor sites with fine, delicate wires. Such polishing techniques are generally incompatible with organic based substrates because such substrates are somewhat flexible and typically have surface undulations. The surface undulations are due to variations in substrate thickness and also to the inherent flexibility of the boards, which permits bowing and warping. Conventional chemical-mechanical polishing techniques will not follow these undulations and contours of flexible substrates. As a result, board areas of extra thickness or that bow outward will be left with conductive lines having areas that are too thin, and board areas of reduced thickness will be left with conductive lines having areas that are too thick.
In U.S. Pat. No. 6,547,974, issued Apr. 15, 2003, there is described producing a PCB using a process which includes patterning a photo-resist layer according to a circuit mask that defines desired circuit paths. The photo-resist pattern layer is formed by removing the photo-resist from the board in the desired circuit paths and a conductive material is plated onto the board in the voids defined by the circuit mask so that the height of the conductive material relative to the substrate equals or exceeds the height of the photo-resist layer relative to the substrate. A low-reactive solution is applied over the conductive material and removes a surface portion thereof. As the solution removes the conductive layer, it forms a film barrier and the solution composition changes, both of which substantially inhibit any further removal of the conductive material. Next, the film barrier is removed from the board allowing another film barrier to form stimulating the removal of further conductive material. The removal step is repeated until the conductive material is at a desired height relative to the height of the resist layer. The board is then finished using conventional circuit board fabrication techniques.
In U.S. Pat. No. 5,502,893, issued Apr. 2, 1996, there is described a PCB manufacturing method in which an organic non-conductive layer does not separate from the PCB's “metal core” (e.g., of aluminum) even in an environment of high temperature and high humidity since both the metal core and the organic non-conductive layer are firmly adhered. An organic non-conductive layer is formed over the metal core with a metal plated layer (e.g., nickel) there-between for protecting the metal core. A metal oxide layer is also used for enhancing adhesive force. By utilizing such a metal oxide layer, it is possible to more effectively prevent the organic non-conductive layer from separating from the plated layer (and thus the metal core). Further, the protecting metal plated layer can protect the metal core from erosion caused by contact with a strong alkali solution, etc. as may be used in a process of forming the metal oxide layer. Still further, copper plating inside the through hole can be performed easily.
In U.S. Pat. No. 5,494,781, issued Feb. 27, 1996, there is described a method for manufacturing a PCB in which there is formed on a top surface of an insulating substrate a layer of plating ground layer as a metal film, irradiating using electromagnetic waves such as provided by a laser, a boundary edge zone of what are referred to as “non-circuit parts” with respect to circuit-printing parts on the insulating substrate in correspondence to a pattern of the non-circuit parts to remove the plating ground layer at the part irradiated by the electromagnetic waves, and thereafter to form a plating on the surface of the plating ground layer at the non-irradiated parts. The apparent result is that the laser irradiation is carried out only with respect to the boundary edge zone of the non-circuit parts, without irradiating all of the non-circuit parts.
In U.S. Pat. No. 5,468,409, issued Nov. 21, 1995, there is described an etching solution for precision etching of vapor-deposited copper films of complex curvature on PCBs. Cupric chloride, sodium chloride and de-ionized water are constituents of the etching solution, which the authors claim are able to produce circuit lines of about three to ten mils.
In U.S. Pat. No. 5,358,622, issued Oct. 25, 1994, there is described a procedure for producing PCBs with pads for insertion of surface-mount devices (called SMDs by the authors). A copper lined base plate is provided with a positive photo-protective layer with a coating thickness lesser or equal to the depth of the pads to be built up for the connection of the SMD components. The positive photo-protective layer is exposed using a primary film with a window mask corresponding to the desired pad arrangement, and the exposed base plate is developed in a developing bath such that the photo-protective layer is removed in the area of the exposed windows, exposing open copper areas. The base plate developed in this way is exposed with a secondary film using a mask for the strip conductors, whereby the strip conductors are modeled as opaque areas. The twice-exposed base plate is electroplated in a tin or tin-lead bath, whereby a tin or tin-lead coating is built up in the region of the open copper area until the pads have been formed by this means with a depth greater or equal to the thickness of the photo-protective layer. The electroplated base plate is developed in a developing bath, whereby the tin plated pad areas and the protective layer regions covered by the opaque strip conductor areas of the secondary film remain. The base plate developed in this way is etched, whereby the laid-open copper areas are removed and the protective lacquer existing in the strip conductor areas is removed, laying bare the copper strip conductor areas.
In U.S. Pat. No. 5,338,645, issued Aug. 16, 1994, PCBs with three-dimensional surfaces are disclosed. Using a first technique, a three dimensional surface is formed on a substrate having a high melting point or permitting a high degree of infrared energy transmittance. The surface contains a layer of metallization maintained at a depth of less than two microns. An infrared laser then moves around the surface and selectively vaporizes the metallization, leaving a desired printed circuit pattern. The remaining metallization is plated to a useable depth. Using a second technique, a fiber optic bundle is machined on one end to mate with the three dimensional surface. The three dimensional surface, metallized and coated with photo-resist, resides in intimate contact with this first end. A second end of the cable is flat and resides in intimate contact with two-dimensional master photo artwork. A pattern is exposed on the photo-resist through the fiber optic bundle, and the metallization is etched using conventional techniques.
In U.S. Pat. No. 5,308,796, issued May 3, 1994, there is described a deposition process which involves formation of a silicide, such as palladium silicide, in the region upon which copper deposition is desired. The silicide acts as a catalyst to initiate reduction of copper ions from an electro-less plating bath to produce an acceptably low resistance copper deposition. Thus, for example, in the case of producing an interconnect involving a silicon region at the bottom of the interconnect structure defined through a silicon dioxide region, palladium is first evaporated over the entire surface and is heated to form palladium silicide only at the base of the via structure. The palladium on the silicon dioxide surface is un-reacted. A selective etch is then used to remove the un-reacted surface palladium. Upon substrate immersion in a conventional electro-less copper plating bath, copper deposition proceeds selectively on the palladium silicide surfaces and continues up through the interconnect. The silicon dioxide surface is non-catalytic to the plating step and induces essentially no copper deposition.
In U.S. Pat. No. 5,160,579, issued Nov. 3, 1992, there is described a process in which the areas of a PCB where electrical components are to be solder connected, such as thru-holes, surrounding pads and surface mount areas, are selectively provided with a metal coating (e.g., tin-lead) which preserves and promotes solderability at these locations, by a process in which a photo-imageable electro-phoretically deposited organic resin is used to provide, on an already patterned surface, an additional resist pattern which selectively exposes areas on which the solderable metal coating is to be provided and in which the resist serves also as an etch resist for metal areas over which it is arranged.
In U.S. Pat. No. 5,118,385, issued Jun. 2, 1992, there is described a method for making a multilayered electrical inter-connect on substrates such as PCBs in which the inter-connect includes stacked pillars between layers, the method using a minimal number of conventional process steps. The method includes sputtering a chromium/copper/titanium tri-layer onto a dielectric base, depositing a patterned mask on the tri-layer, etching the exposed tri-layer, removing the mask, depositing a layer of polyimide over the un-etched copper, forming a via in the polyimide above the copper, plating nickel into the via using electro-less plating, and polishing the inter-connect to form a planar top surface.
In U.S. Pat. No. 5,084,071, issued Jan. 28, 1992, there is described a method of chemical mechanical polishing an electronic component substrate including the steps of obtaining an article having at least two features thereon or therein which have a different etch rate with respect to a particular etchant; contacting the article with a polishing pad while contacting the substrate with a slurry containing the etchant wherein the slurry includes abrasive particles (which do not include alumina), a transition metal chelated salt, a solvent for the salt, and a small but effective amount of alumina. The polishing causes the two features to be substantially coplanar.
In U.S. Pat. No. 4,775,611, issued Oct. 4, 1988, there is described forming high density primary wiring patterns on PCBs with less than 0.005 inch spacings and wiring conductor widths, which claim to permit wider conductors of at least three times the wiring spacing and which are thus less likely to have open circuit or substrate adherence defects. This is achieved by depositing on an irregular surface of a conventional “flat” panel insulator a thick liquid photopolymer layer of paste-like consistency, such as to a 0.006 inch thickness, flattening it with the image bearing side of a glass plate photo-transparency to produce high resolution wiring patterns comprising ridge tops defining insulating spacing between channel conductor areas there-between by means of un-collimated actinic radiation, forming thin conductive layers 0.0014 inch thick on the channel bottoms and sidewalls to produce wider conductors, and sanding off the flat ridge tops to assure that there are no short circuits between adjacent conductors.
In U.S. Pat. No. 4,702,792, issued Oct. 27, 1987, there is described a method of forming fine conductive lines, patterns, and connectors on a substrate, particularly those useful for electronic devices. The method comprises a series of steps in which a polymeric material is applied to the substrate, the polymeric material patterned to form openings through, spaces within, or combinations thereof in the polymeric material, a conductive material is applied to the patterned polymeric material, so that it at least fills the openings and spaces existing in the polymeric material, with excess conductive material removed from the exterior major surface of the polymeric material using chemical-mechanical polishing to expose at least the exterior major surface of the polymeric material. The structure remaining has a planar exterior surface, wherein the conductive material filling the openings and spaces in the patterned polymeric material becomes features such as fine lines, patterns, and connectors which are surrounded by the polymeric material. The polymeric material may be left in place as an insulator or removed, leaving the conductive features on the substrate.
The present invention provides a new and unique process for plating highly dense conductive elements (e.g., circuit lines) on a surface of a circuitized substrate in a manner which substantially overcomes many of the aforementioned disadvantages. As defined herein, it is especially able to do so when further plating precious metallurgy on the lines, such added metallurgy deemed important to provide enhanced connections. In one embodiment, the invention is able to also provide high density arrays of thru-holes within the circuit pattern, adding even more versatility to the invention.This invention relates to machine tools and, more particularly, to computer controlled machine tool contouring systems.
The use of digital computers to direct and control machine tools in the production of non-round contours is well known in the art, particularly for machine tools utilizing a generally cylindrical cutting element and wherein the workpiece support table is positioned in relation to the cutting element in response to computer generated control signals. Non-round contours which may be produced by such contouring systems particularly include the interior surfaces of rotary engine chambers (e.g. the epitrochoid-shaped contours of Wankel engine chambers), and also the inner and outer surface of various cams. The end uses for such contoured workpieces often require precision of contour within 0.001 inches. To obtain contours with this precision, the control portion of the contouring system must accommodate continuing wear of the cutting element. In addition, the relative velocity of the point of contact of the grinding wheel with respect to the work surface must be substantially constant.
Generally, contouring systems for non-round contour generation use a complex cam-following apparatus for guiding the cutting element against the workpiece. In such systems, the cam-following apparatus provides a controlled movement of the workpiece relative to the cutting element along a suitable path to accommodate changes in radius of the grinding tool and the desired feedrate. However, in the grinding of complex non-round contours, it is difficult and correspondingly expensive to produce a mechanism (such as a tapered cam follower) for achieving the desired cutting element wear compensation. Further, in view of the substantial dynamic forces on the tracking and drive cams during high speed grinding operations, such contouring systems are subject to severe grinding speed limitations resulting from the deleterious effects of those forces on the cam surfaces. Further, although the cam-following contouring systems often do provide for a nominally constant surface velocity of the workpiece with reference to the contour of the cutting element by providing a separate surface velocity control cam, the surface velocity may vary substantially from the nominal value. Consequently, localized regions of heating occur on the workpiece during low speed portions of the cutting cycle and result in damage to the workpiece surface. In addition, the localized heating causes thermal expansion of the workpiece which must be compensated for in the generation of the cam tracks in order to provide precision contouring. It will be noted that the latter effect is difficult to effectively offset for complex non-round contours.
A further limitation on cam-following contouring systems is the relative inflexibility of such systems in that only a specific contour (designed into the system by the cam) may be produced without requiring system modification.
It is further known in the art to utilize digital computers for the control of machine tools wherein the computer generates control signals for directing the relative movement of the cutting element with respect to the workpiece so that the central axis of the cutting element is positioned to pass through a predetermined series of spatial points. The computer in such systems may be used to first calculate the coordinates of these predetermined spatial points in a manner accommodating a current radius of the cutting element, a required offset for achieving a desired feedrate, and a desired surface velocity, and then to generate appropriate signals to the associated positioning systems. However, the workpiece positioning systems are generally limited in the speed to which they can respond to the computer generated control signals. The limitation restrains this type of contouring system to surface velocities of less than 20 feet per minute or rotational velocities of less than 10 RPM.1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to a method, system, and article of manufacture for synchronizing device error information among nodes.
2. Description of the Related Art
Host systems in a storage network may communicate with a storage controller through multiple paths. The storage controller may be comprised of separate storage clusters or nodes, where each storage cluster is capable of accessing the storage and provide redundancy to access the storage. Hosts may access the attached storage through either cluster. If a storage cluster fails, then the host may failover to using the other storage cluster to access the storage.
In redundant storage controller environments, it is common for each storage node or cluster to establish ownership of certain external resources, such as network and Input/Output device adaptors. If a node in the system fails, other nodes in the system can take ownership of the resources that were owned by the failing node. If an external resource in the system starts reporting errors, the owning node will begin thresholding these errors and taking appropriate system recovery actions based on the number of detected errors. If, during this process, the owning node fails, another available node takes ownership of the external resource, but may have no knowledge of the previous errors that were recorded by the failing node. This causes the new owning node to treat the next error on the external resource as if it were the first error.
Further, if the multiple errors reported by the external resource somehow caused the previous owning node to fail, then the new owning node will go through the same actions as the previous node, which could result in the new owning node failing in the same way. If other nodes in the system continue to take ownership of the resource, it could result in all nodes failing, causing the customer to lose access to data. Restarting the recovery operation from a zero error count may cause the overall system recovery (taken by the previous owning node and the new owning node) to take long enough such that the host system times out and the customer loses access to data.
There is a need in the art for improved techniques to maintain error information for shared devices accessed by multiple nodes.1. Field of the Invention
The invention relates to a method of manufacturing an insertion-type connector having a plurality of first, mutually electrically insulated, conductor contacts which are cut from a metal sheet in such a way that they are connected together via a connecting part of the metal sheet, and having a plurality of second conductor contacts which are connected together and which are cut from a metal sheet, the conductor contacts being partly embedded in an electrically insulating material to form an electrically insulating housing which fixes the conductor contacts relative to one another, and the connecting part then being separated off.
2. Description of Related Art
Insertion-type connectors of this kind are generally produced by manufacturing, separately, the individual conductor contacts, an insulator which receives the conductor contacts and mutually insulates them, and a housing which receives the conductor contacts and the insulator, and then assembling these individual components. When this is done, provision may also be made for the housing, if formed from an electrically insulating material, to perform the function of the insulator as well.
This way of manufacturing an insertion-type connector involves in particular considerable costs for the assembly work, which increase the unit costs of the individual insertion-type connectors. Because insertion-type connectors are usually mass-produced articles for which only low unit costs are acceptable, the reduction of costs is a fundamental aim of the development work done on them.
Known from US 2004/0092169 A1 is a method of manufacturing an insertion-type connector in which two subarrays of signal contact members, which arrays are held parallel to one another at one end via respective connecting strips, are connected together by means of the connecting strips. Plastics material is then molded around the contact terminals of the signal contact members to form a first part of a connector body. A subarray of power contact members, which are held parallel to one another at one end via a connecting strip, then have another plastics material molded around them to form a second part of the body, which is molded onto the first part. All the connecting strips are separated off after the two stages of the injection molding process.
Known from U.S. Pat. No. 6,641,411 B1 is a high-density, high-speed connector wherein each signal conductor is always surrounded by four ground (earth) conductors. To reduce interference and reduced crosstalk between differential signal conductors provision is made in certain embodiments for the signal conductors to be so arranged in the connector that pairs of differential signals are orthogonal to one another.
Known from US 2008/0050969 A1 is an insertion-type connector having a plurality of parallel pins which are fastened into the connector. A printed circuit board is connected to the connector. Some of the pins are configured to transmit signals from the circuit board and other pins are electrically connected to a ground (earth) potential of the circuit board. The pins are so organized that some signal-conducting pins are surrounded by four pins carrying the ground.1. Field of the Invention (Technical Field)
The present invention relates to a process for production of boron nitride powders exhibiting smooth spherical morphology, spheroidal particles with xe2x80x9cbladedxe2x80x9d surface morphology, spheroidal particles with protruding xe2x80x9cwhiskers,xe2x80x9d and fully xe2x80x9cbladedxe2x80x9d particles with platelet morphology, and particles having turbostratic or hexagonal crystal structure. The process utilizes aerosol assisted vapor phase synthesis (AAVS), nitriding organoboron precursors through a boron oxide nitride intermediary composition, to form spherical and modified spherical boron nitride powders. The process can be achieved through use of an aerosol assisted vapor phase reactor system (AAVRS), and it has significant use in preparation of the preferred spheroidal boron nitride powders for use in the microelectronic, polymer, and cosmetic industries as well as in traditional ceramic markets (e.g., aerospace and automotive products).
2. Background Art
Boron nitride (BN) is a well-known, commercially produced refractory non-oxide ceramic material. Boron nitride properties are highly dependent on its crystalline structure. The most common structure for BN is a hexagonal crystal structure. This structure is similar to the carbon structure for graphite, consisting of extended two-dimensional layers of edge-fused six-membered (BN)3 rings. The rings arrange in crystalline form where B atoms in the rings in one layer are above and below N atoms in neighboring layers and vice versa (i.e., the rings are shifted positionally with respect to layers). The intraplanar Bxe2x80x94N bonding in the fused six-membered rings is strongly covalent while the interplanar Bxe2x80x94N bonding is weak, similar to graphite.
Historically, commercial boron nitride articles have been prepared by hot pressing BN powders obtained from classical metallurgical high-temperature synthesis (e.g., boric acid treated with urea at 1000xc2x0 C., xe2x80x9chot-pressed BNxe2x80x9d; or BN obtained by chemical vapor deposition (CVD) growth, xe2x80x9cpyrolytic BNxe2x80x9d). Pyrolytic BN is considered the more typical form in the industry, given the absence of binders and improved crystallinity and grain features. (Unless otherwise indicated, properties of BN described in these background materials are representative of pyrolytic BN.) Under these typical solid state synthesis conditions, BN is typically obtained as a mixture of meso-graphitic and turbostratic modifications that contain varying degrees of disorder of the ideal hexagonal BN structure (h-BN). Fully ordered h-BN is only obtained with careful attention to synthetic detail. (Paine, RT, Narula, CK. Synthetic Routes to Boron Nitride. Chem. Rev. 90: 73-91, 1990.)
Commercial applications for h-BN are well established in several traditional ceramic markets. In particular, the high temperature stability, chemical inertness, lubricity, electrical resistivity and thermal conductivity make BN powders ideal for fabrication of products used in aerospace, automotive and microelectronic products, including large crucibles, heat sinks, mold liners and electrical insulators. Unlike carbon, h-BN is a colorless or (in cases where impurities are present with defect states in the electronic band gap) white material. In its powder form, it can be processed by classical powder forming methods into simple and complex shapes. Since it is soft, hot pressed bodies can be easily machined. In the absence of oxygen and moisture, BN is stable above 2000xc2x0 C.; however, it combusts in oxygen near 900xc2x0 C. The layered, hexagonal crystal structure results in anisotropic physical properties that make this material unique in the overall collection of non-oxide ceramics.
Examples of various known or attempted methods to produce spheroidal BN through hexagonal modification include several high-temperature, metallurgical or chemical vapor deposition (CVD) reactions. (Paine, RT, Narula, CK. Synthetic Routes to Boron Nitride. Chem. Rev. 90: 73-91, 1990.) From the commercial standpoint, h-BN is obtained as a powder most often from multi-step processes that employ boric oxide, sodium borate or boric acid as the boron raw material and urea, melamine and/or ammonia as the nitriding source. These reactions are driven by the thermodynamic stability of BN and the reducing nitridation conditions that remove impurities.
Carbothermal reduction conditions also can be employed to remove oxygen. Commercial powder producers manipulate reaction conditions in order to achieve target powder purity, grain size, sinterability and crystallinity. These features, in turn, influence powder processibility and finished product performance. It is important to note that commercial powders are usually obtained either as agglomerates having irregular morphology or as primary particles with a platelet morphology. The latter is a macroscopic manifestation of the inherent crystal structure of h-BN.
Recently, interest in inorganic ceramic/organic polymer composites containing BN powders for thermal management applications has arisen. It has been suggested in the art that a spherical morphology BN powder would be useful to enhance powder processing of polymers. However, a commercial source of such powders is not available. One known process to obtain small, laboratory-scale samples of spheroidal BN involves reacting trichloroborazine with an aminosilane to form a polymer that dissolves in liquid ammonia (NH3). The resulting solution may be used to form an aerosol containing poly(borazinylamine). The aerosol is then passed through a reaction furnace to produce a boron nitride powder composed of primary particles having spherical morphology. Further nitridation in an NH3 atmosphere at a temperature of 1600xc2x0 C., over a period of time of at least eight hours, gives h-BN particles of overall spheroidal shape with protruding non-uniform blades. This process is not commercially viable since it requires the use of an expensive, commercially unavailable polymer that is made only from an expensive commercially unavailable monomer. (Lindquist, DA et al. Boron Nitride Powders Formed by Aerosol Decomposition of Poly(borazinylamine) Solutions. J. Am. Ceram. Soc. 74 (12) 3126-28, 1991.)
As another example, a second method reacts boron trichloride with ammonia, a combination typically used to make platelet morphology h-BN by CVD. The resulting powders are treated at high temperature in a graphite furnace under vacuum. (The patent suggests formation of spherical primary particles although no evidence of the actual morphology is provided.) This process, if successful, is not commercially attractive due to the expense of the starting material, BCl3, and the formation of a corrosive by-product HCl that tends to leave chloride impurities in powders. (European Patent Office Publication No. 0 396 448.)
A third and potentially more practical process for the formation of spherical morphology h-BN powders utilizes a process where an aerosol is generated from a saturated (0.9M) aqueous solution of boric acid. The aerosol is passed into a heated tubular reactor where it is nitrided by NH3 in a temperature range of between 600xc2x0 C. and 1500xc2x0 C., preferably between 1000xc2x0 C. and 1200xc2x0 C. A powder product, BNxOy, is collected that contains significant amounts of oxygen, typically between 40 wt. % to 55 wt. %. The primary particles have spherical particle diameters in the range 0.1 micron to 5 microns. These powders are subsequently nitrided in a second stage in a temperature range of between 1000xc2x0 C. to 1700xc2x0 C. under a flowing stream of NH3. The oxygen contents of the resulting boron nitride powders are less than 4 wt. % and the particles retain the spherical morphology. (Pruss et al., Aerosol Assisted Vapor Synthesis of Spherical Boron Nitride Powders. Chem. Mater. 12(1), 19-21, 2000; U.S. Pat. No. 6,348,179 to Pruss et al.)
Although the process described by Pruss et al. is practically useful for the production of spherical morphology BN powders, it possesses several drawbacks, including: (a) large amounts of water are injected into the tubular reaction zone in the form of aerosol droplets thereby diluting the NH3 reactant that is required for nitridation of H3BO3 dissolved in the aqueous aerosol droplets; (b) the large amounts of injected water act as a back-reactant with BNxOy aerosol powders; (c) water is also formed as a reaction byproduct in the first stage aerosol nitridation; (d) the BNxOy powders formed in the first-stage nitridation reaction contain large amounts of oxygen; (e) the large amounts of oxygen are difficult to remove in the second-stage nitridation; and (f) there is significant loss of boron as a volatile component during the nitridation process. Due to these drawbacks alternative solventless or non-aqueous solvent-based aerosol chemical systems have been sought in the industry.
Very few readily available, inexpensive boron reagents exist that are soluble in a non-aqueous solvent appropriate for aerosol formation or aerosol pyrolysis. Similarly, there are very few inexpensive, liquid-phase boron reagents that might be employed directly without a solvent to generate an aerosol. However, at least one family of boron reagents does exist that is commercially available in large quantities at relatively low cost and is soluble in non-aqueous solvents: trialkoxyboranes or trialkylborates, (RO)3B (e.g., R=Me(CH3), Et(C2H5), Pr(C3H3), Bu(C4H9)). These are free-flowing liquids at 23xc2x0 C. In addition, there is evidence in the literature that suggests that trialkylborates, (RO)3B, react with the common nitriding reagent ammonia, NH3.
For example, U.S. Pat. No. 2,629,732, discloses that (RO)3B (R=lower mol. wt. alkyl groups preferably CH3) reacts with NH3 in a 1:1 ratio in the gas phase at normal atmospheric pressure and temperature to give adducts, (RO)3B.NH3. Further, other examples in the literature describe a reaction of (CH3O)3B with NH3 that is claimed to form an adduct (MeO)3B.NH3 that sublimes at 45xc2x0 C. and allegedly is stable to at least 375xc2x0 C. (Goubeau et al., Z. Anorg. Allgem. Chem. 266, 161-174, 1951.) Goubeau et al. also describe reactions that employ other reactant ratios which produce complex product mixtures that are not identified. The chemistry is proposed to involve elimination of methanol and dimethyl ether. U.S. Pat. No. 2,824,787 to May et al. claims the formation of BN from pyrolysis of a gas mixture of (MeO)3B and NH3 at a furnace temperature above about 850xc2x0 C. The resulting product is a white powder containing B, N, O, C, and H in varying amounts depending upon reaction conditions. This powder is then heated in NH3 atmosphere to 900xc2x0-1100xc2x0 C. to obtain BN. The ""787 patent does not describe the morphology and crystallinity of the BN. However, it is likely that these processes produce BN with the traditional platelet morphology.
Further, in a series of patents, Bienert et al. describe the formation of boron-nitrogen-hydrogen compounds, BN3xe2x88x92xH6xe2x88x923x, from the reaction of boron halides or basic acid esters with NH3 in a heated gas flow tube held at 200xc2x0 C. or 500xc2x0 C. The resulting compounds are claimed to be useful for making detrition-resistant boron nitride pressed bodies, boron nitride powder and semiconduction components. (Bienert et al., Ger. Offen. No. 1,943,581; Ger. Offen. No. 1,943,582; Ger. Offen. No. 2,004,360; U.S. Pat. No. 3,711,594.) Finally, Murakawa et al. describe the use of (EtO)3B in a hot gas stream of air and methane to form B2O3 and C. A powder compact was subsequently heated at 900xc2x0 C. in N2. It was claimed that h-BN with spherical morphology (ave. diameter, approximately 0.14 micron) formed. (Japanese Patent No. JP60,200,811 to Kokai et al.)
There remains a real need in the art for a process yielding spherical h-BN in high concentration without high oxygen impurities, utilizing commonly available, inexpensive precursors such as trialkylborates.
The present invention is a method for an aerosol assisted vapor phase synthesis (AAVS) process of boron nitride (BN) wherein organoboron precursors are nitrided in one or two heating steps, and wherein a boron oxide nitride intermediary composition is formed after the first heating step and is further nitrided to form resultant spheroidal boron nitride powders including spheroidal particles that are smooth, bladed, have protruding whiskers, and are of turbostratic or hexagonal crystalline structure.
The method of the present invention comprises forming a boron-nitrogen-oxygen-carbon-hydrogen, BNxOyCz, precursor for BN comprising: providing an organoboron precursor, an inert carrier gas, and a nitriding agent; aerosolizing the precursor; introducing the carrier gas into a chamber containing the aerosolized precursor and forming a combined gas stream; sweeping the combined gas stream into a heated furnace; injecting the nitriding agent into the furnace; allowing the nitriding agent and aerosolized precursor to react to form a powder of a boron-nitrogen-oxygen-carbon-hydrogen composition; and collecting the powder.
Further steps in the method may be taken as follows:
In the present invention, the nitriding agent and aerosolized precursor are reacted in a first heating step. The resultant boron-nitrogen-oxygen-carbon-hydrogen composition is heated in a second heating step in the presence of a nitriding agent, inert gas, or vacuum.
The nitriding agent may comprise NH3, N2/H2, N2, alkylamines, hydrazine, cyanamide, dicyanamide, hydroxylamines, or mixtures thereof. The nitriding agent may comprise a liquid, which is aerosolized and is swept into the furnace by a carrier gas.
The organoboron precursor agent may comprise an alkylborate. The alkylborate may comprise a trialkylborate. Further, the trialkylborate may comprise (MeO)3B, (EtO)3B, (PrO)3B, or (BuO)3B. However, the precursor agent may comprise a polyborate. The polyborate may comprise a boroxine. Further, the organoboron precursor may comprises an azeotropic mixture. The azeotropic mixture may comprises an alkylborate and alcohol. The alkylborate may be a trimethylborate and the alcohol may be methanol. The organoboron precursor may be dissolved in simple alcohols, alkanes, or arenes prior to aerosolization, thereby increasing the percentage of carbon in the resulting BNxOyCz powder. Further, the organoboron precursor may be dissolved in liquid ammonia prior to aerosolization.
The aerosolized organoboron precursor and carrier gas, and the nitriding agent are simultaneously swept or injected into the furnace. The flow of the combined gas stream (organoboron precursor and carrier gas) may have a predetermined flow rate. The injection step of the nitriding agent may have a predetermined flow rate.
The step of heating the furnace comprises the step of maintaining a temperature of between approximately 600xc2x0 C. and approximately 1800xc2x0 C. Further, the temperature may be maintained between approximately 1200xc2x0 C. and approximately 1800xc2x0 C.
The boron-nitrogen-oxygen-carbon-hydrogen powder may be collected on a powder collection device, which may be a filter.
Additional steps of grinding the resultant BNxOyCz powder, spreading the powder over an oxide, and melting the powder over the oxide thereby reacting the powder with the oxide and forming a BN thin film layer may additionally be taken. Further, the BNxOyCz powder may be collected on a substrate and then melted, forming a boron nitride thin film layer.
An method of the present invention comprises preparing h-BN by the following steps: providing an organoboron precursor, an inert carrier gas, and a nitriding agent; aerosolizing the precursor; introducing the carrier gas into a chamber containing the aerosolized precursor and forming a combined gas stream; sweeping the combined gas stream into a heated furnace; injecting the nitriding agent into the furnace; allowing the nitriding agent and aerosolized precursor to react to form a powder of a boron-nitrogen-oxygen-carbon-hydrogen composition during a first heating step; heating the boron-nitrogen-oxygen-carbon-hydrogen composition in a second heating step in the presence of the nitriding agent; allowing the nitriding agent and boron-nitrogen-oxygen-carbon-hydrogen composition to react with the nitriding agent in the second heating step to form a boron-nitrogen powder; and collecting the powder.
Further steps in this method may be taken as follows:
The nitriding agent may comprise NH3, N2/H2, N2, alkylamines, hydrazine, cyanamide, dicyanamide, hydroxylamines, or mixtures thereof. The nitriding agent may comprise a liquid, which is aerosolized and is swept into the furnace by a carrier gas.
The organoboron precursor agent may comprise an alkylborate. The alkylborate may comprise a trialkylborate. Further, the trialkylborate may comprise (MeO)3B, (EtO)3B, (PrO)3B, or (BuO)3B. However, the precursor agent may comprise a polyborate. The polyborate may comprise a boroxine. Further, the organoboron precursor may comprise an azeotropic mixture. The azeotropic mixture may comprise an alkylborate and an alcohol. The alkylborate may be trimethylborate and the alcohol may be methanol. The organoboron precursor may be dissolved in simple alcohols, alkanes, or arenes prior to aerosolization, thereby increasing the percentage of carbon in the resulting BNxOyCz powder. When the organoboron precursor is dissolved in alcohols, alkanes, or arenes, the resultant BN compound is microporous or nanoporous. Further, the organoboron precursor may be dissolved in liquid ammonia prior to aerosolization.
The aerosolized organoboron precursor and carrier gas, and the nitriding agent are simultaneously swept or injected into the furnace. The flow of the combined gas stream (organoboron precursor and carrier gas) may have a predetermined flow rate. The injection step of the nitriding agent may have a predetermined flow rate.
The step of heating the furnace comprises a first heating step of maintaining a temperature of between approximately 600xc2x0 C. and approximately 1800xc2x0 C. Further, the temperature may be maintained between approximately 1200xc2x0 C. and approximately 1800xc2x0 C.
The boron-nitrogen-oxygen-carbon-hydrogen powder may be collected on a powder collection device, which may be a filter. The powder may then be placed in a second furnace and subjected to the second heating step in the second furnace. Contrarily, the boron-nitrogen-oxygen-carbon-hydrogen powder may not be collected, but may be vented in a gas stream entrained with the powder into a second furnace before the second heating step.
Both heating steps may be performed in one furnace, which may be a vertical furnace. The second heating step may comprise maintaining the temperature between approximately 600xc2x0 C. and approximately 1800xc2x0 C. Further, the temperature may be maintained between approximately 1200xc2x0 C. and approximately 1800xc2x0 C.
Modified h-BN particles are formed by varying the aerosol conditions or reactor conditions to form turbostratic structures, bladed spherical particles, platelet particles, or particles having crystalline whisker growth.
The formed BN particles may comprise a diameter range between approximately 0.05 xcexcm and approximately 100 xcexcm.
A primary object of the present invention is preparing a BN powder comprising a spherical morphology.
Another object of the present invention is preparing a BN powder comprising a modified spherical morphology.
Yet another object of the present invention is providing a simple, one or two-step synthesis process for preparation of BN.
Another object of the present invention is to provide a process yielding highly pure levels of h-BN, wherein impurities of such a BN product would comprise additional elements or non-spherical BN particles.
A further object of the present invention is to provide a process utilizing simple organoboron precursors.
Yet another object of the present invention is to provide a simple process for utilizing trialkylborates as a precursor to BN.
A primary advantage of the present invention is preparing a BN powder comprising a spherical morphology.
Another advantage of the present invention is preparing a BN powder comprising a modified spherical morphology.
Yet another advantage is that BN may be prepared in a simple one or two-step process.
Another advantage of the present invention is the use of simple, available, inexpensive organoboron compounds as precursor to BN.
A further advantage is the highly purified h-BN product, wherein impurities of such a BN product would comprise additional elements or non-spherical BN particles.
Other objects, advantages and novel features, and further scope of applicability of the present invention will be set forth in part in the detailed description to follow, taken in conjunction with the accompanying drawings, and in part will become apparent to those skilled in the art upon examination of the following, or may be learned by practice of the invention. The objects and advantages of the invention may be realized and attained by means of the instrumentalities and combinations particularly pointed out in the appended claims.The present invention relates to data management. More specifically, the present invention relates to methods and apparatuses for managing large amounts of data, for example, in storage area networks and mainframe I/O environments.
The demands for managing large amounts of data have steadily increased in recent years and are expected to continue to increase in the future. For example, large organizations such as airlines and financial institutions require continuous, reliable, around-the-clock access to their xe2x80x9cmission criticalxe2x80x9d data. Temporary interruptions in the accessibility to this data, or the loss of portions of this data, can be catastrophic to such organizations. Complicating the management task, many organizations have an enormous and growing amount of mission critical data (e.g., many terabytes). Much of this data is managed by mainframe-based computer systems.
FIG. 1 shows a block diagram of an exemplary prior art computing system 100, which is described here to illustrate common management tasks and associated problems. System 100 includes two mainframe computers 110A, 110B, three direct access storage devices (DASDs, also known as xe2x80x9ccontrol unitsxe2x80x9d) 120A, 120B, 120C, and a director 150. The various components communicate with one another via xe2x80x9cpoint-to-pointxe2x80x9d communication links 160, 162, 164, 166, 168, 170, and 172 according to a defined protocol. The common protocol is the ESCON protocol, also known as the SBCON protocol (hereinafter, collectively called xe2x80x9cESCONxe2x80x9d).
In this exemplary system, port 114A of computer 110A is coupled to port 122B of control unit 120B via link 162. Port 112B of computer 110B is coupled to port 124B of control unit 120B via link 164. Port 114B of computer 110B is coupled to a port (not shown) of director 150 via link 166. Port 126B of control unit 120B is coupled to another port (not shown) of director 150 via link 168. Port 124C of control unit 120C is coupled to a port (not shown) of director 150 via link 170. In each case, the physical link and protocol are ESCON compliant. Finally, port P1 of control unit 120A is coupled to port P2 of control unit 120B via a proprietary communication link 172, in which the physical link is ESCON but which is used to carry proprietary commands and data, for example, to implement certain xe2x80x9cextended functionsxe2x80x9d (more below). For convenience of illustration, each computer 110A, 110B is illustrated as including two ESCON ports 112, 114.
In the illustrated embodiment, the mainframe computers are IBM S/390s. Exemplary IBM S/390 mainframe computer may include between sixteen to 256 ESCON communication ports.
Each exemplary DASD control unit 120, for ease of description, is shown as including three ESCON communication ports 122, 124, 126, and optionally additional private links P1, P2, though a typical DASD control unit may include between 2 and 64 ESCON ports. The illustrative DASD control units 120 include a main memory 130, a controller 132, a persistent storage 134, and three memory buffers 123, 125, 127, each buffer being associated with a corresponding ESCON port. Each port can write data into, and read data out of, its associated buffer. The controller 132 can write data into, and read data out of, all of the buffers or move data to or from persistent storage 134 via an internal system bus 136.
A director 150 improves connectivity in a storage network by allowing one mainframe computer port to connect to two or more control units.
As mentioned above, the various components may communicate using the ESCON protocol. Under ESCON, the components communicate according to xe2x80x9cchainsxe2x80x9d of one or more channel command words (CCWs). Each CCW, in turn, is communicated in three phases: a xe2x80x9ccommand phase,xe2x80x9d a xe2x80x9cdata phase,xe2x80x9d and a xe2x80x9cstatus phasexe2x80x9d with each phase using a known vocabulary of messages. During each phase, information is transmitted as xe2x80x9cframes,xe2x80x9d which are 1 kilobyte or less in size and include control (or header) and data (or payload) portions. A given phase may involve known flow control and/or handshaking and may involve many frames. For example, the protocol permits 64 kilobyte transfers, which could require 64 frames during the data phase. The data phase uses a flow control technique in which an initiator expresses a desire to transmit or read a certain amount of data (e.g., in a prior write command), and the receiver replies with a data request message indicating the size of data that may be sent by the transmitter and received by the receiver. A series of such requests may be needed to transfer the entire xe2x80x9cexchange.xe2x80x9d
The I/O protocols rely on a concept of virtual links connecting xe2x80x9cvirtual mainframe machinesxe2x80x9d with xe2x80x9cvirtual control units. Some of the I/O protocols, which are connection oriented, like ESCON and SCSI, allow only one connection to be active at any moment in time, while others may actually frame multiplex the information among the various virtual links. Virtual links are effectively identified by the frame header information specifying both physical and logical addresses, and the components can detect virtual connections and disconnections from analyzing specific bits in certain frames.
As alluded to above, commercially available control units offer xe2x80x9cextended functions.xe2x80x9dExtended functions implement features above and beyond basic device operations like read or write. (The actual functions implemented by a device are defined in the device specification, such as a specification of a control unit.) For example, two popular extended functions are known as xe2x80x9cconcurrent copyxe2x80x9d and xe2x80x9cremote copy,xe2x80x9d which are used, respectively, for maintaining backup copies or for xe2x80x9cmirroringxe2x80x9d data to other storage as it is written to its target. Known extended functions operate at a physical level of addressing (e.g., volume numbers and tracks) as opposed to operating at the logical level (e.g., files or the like). Referring back to FIG. 1, a control unit may perform back-up to another disk controlled by another control unit by using a dedicated ESCON link 172, connecting the two control units. Proprietary software (sometimes referred to as firmware), executing on the control units, performs the necessary operations over the link 172 to send the data to be backed up from one control unit to another.
In the above approach to mirroring, data is effectively written to the control units sequentially, first to the primary control unit and then from the primary control unit to the control unit doing the mirroring. This introduces delay and complication as the data is written between the control units. The backup approach is also sequential. These approaches require dedicated communication links 172 that cost port connections on the control units.
Moreover, because prior art extended functions are built using proprietary embedded software (also known as xe2x80x9cfirmwarexe2x80x9d) to and between control units, third parties cannot practically create additional functions for the control units. To date, the extended functionality is largely limited to homogenous systems of control units. That is, the extended functions generally do not work when control units from different manufacturers are involved in a network.
Clustering is similar to mirroring in that some data is effectively mirrored to storage associated with another processor. However, rather than mirroring information in case a subsequent failover or switchover to another storage proves necessary, clustering usually involves mirroring (or replicating ) only specific information so that the processors may act collaboratively and in distributed fashion.
The inventions provides devices, systems, and methods of replicating and manipulating I/O information to improve efficiency and functionality. Preferably, the invention intercepts I/O information as it is transmitted between a computer (e.g., mainframe) and storage system (e.g., DASD storage controller).
Under certain aspects of the invention, an intelligent splitter device includes a buffer memory and at least three input/output (I/O) ports. Each port includes logic for transmitting and receiving information on an associated input/output (I/O) communication link, and each port is in electrical communication with the buffer memory. Control logic controls each port to write I/O data received from its respective I/O communication link into a portion of the buffer memory associated with that port. The control logic also controls each port to transmit data onto its respective I/O communication link by reading data from the buffer memory at selectable buffer memory locations, including locations associated with one of the other ports.
Under another aspect of the invention, the control logic can create both control and data frames. These frames may be created independently of any of the streams received by the intelligent splitter device.
Under other aspects of the invention, an intelligent splitter device communicates according to a frame-based I/O protocol in which each frame includes a header component and a payload component. The device includes a buffer memory and at least three input/output (I/O) ports. Each port has logic for transmitting and receiving information on an associated input/output (I/O) communication link, and each port is in electrical communication with the buffer memory. Control logic controls each port to write I/O data received from its respective I/O communication link into a portion of the buffer memory. And the control logic further includes logic to analyze a received frame and in response thereto create and transmit a modified version of the received frame on one of the I/O ports. The modified version of the frame includes a modification to at least one of the header component and the payload component of the received frame.
Under other aspects of the invention, an intelligent splitter device is used for communicating according to a multiphase I/O protocol having a command phase, a data phase, and a status phase in which the data phase has at least one data frame. The splitter includes a buffer memory and at least three input/output (I/O) ports. Each port has logic for transmitting and receiving information on an associated input/output (I/O) communication link, and each port is in electrical communication with the buffer memory. Control logic causes at least two of the ports to transmit in parallel data phase information.
Under another aspect of the invention, an intelligent splitter device is used for communicating according to a multiphase I/O protocol having a command phase, a data phase, and a status phase, in which the data phase comprises at least one data frame. The splitter includes a buffer memory and at least three input/output (I/O) ports. Each port has logic for transmitting and receiving information on an associated input/output (I/O) communication link, and each port is in electrical communication with the buffer memory. Control logic causes at least one port to transmit control phase information stored in the buffer. In parallel therewith, the control logic also causes at least one other port to transmit a modified version of the control phase information that is transmitted on the first port.
Using the above aspects, I/O information can be received on a first port of the communication device having at least three ports. The communication device can transmit the I/O information received on the first port to a second port of the communication device, and the communication device can transmit a modified version of the I/O information received on the first port to a third port of the communication device.
Moreover, I/O information can be received on a first port of the communication device, and the communication device can transmit a modified version of the information to one of the second and third ports of the communication device. Or, at least selected I/O information can be cached in the communication device, and I/O information can be received on a first port of the communication device. The received I/O information can be analyzed to determine physical address data of the I/O information, and the cached I/O information can be transmitted on the first port if the received information hits the cache. The received information can be transmitted on one of the second and third ports if the received information misses the cache.
Under another aspect of the invention, an intelligent splitter system includes an I/O device and a host system. The I/O device includes input/output (I/O) port logic for transmitting and receiving information on at least three I/O communication links according to a standardized I/O protocol. Under the protocol I/O operations may be requested on storage locations identified by physical address information. The I/O device further includes extended function logic that cooperates with the port logic to perform at least one extended function not specified in the standardized I/O protocol. The at least one extended function operates in a physical address domain of physical addresses. The host system has a processor and memory storing processor-executable instructions to map logical storage object names to a physical address domain. It also stores instructions to configure the I/O device with a mapped physical address domain to enable the I/O device to perform the at least one extended function on the physical address domain corresponding to a mapped logical storage object name.
Under other aspect of the invention, a command can be received to perform an extended function on data identified by a logical object name. The logical object name can be mapped to a physical address domain, and a communication link in the I/O system can be monitored to determine if the link is carrying an I/O operation in the mapped physical address domain. If an I/O operation is being carried on the link within the mapped physical address domain, that operation can be intercepted and the extended function identified in the received command can be performed.
Under another aspect of the invention, I/O information is received from one of the two communication links into a first multi-port device having a processor and memory. The memory has instructions to determine if I/O information received on the link is within a first predefined set of I/O operations, and the first multi-port device is connected to a first storage system. I/O information is also received from a second of the two communication links into a second multiport device having a processor and memory. This memory also stores instructions to determine if I/O information received on the link is within a second predefined set of I/O operations, and the second multi-port device is connected to a second storage system. If the received I/O information on the one communication link is within the first predefined set of I/O operations, the received I/O information is sent to the first storage device and an I/O operation is sent to a port of the second multi-port device. If the received I/O operation is not within the predefined set, the received information is sent to the first storage system. Similar actions to the above take place with respect to the second link.U.S. Pat. No. 2,938,333 shows a typical gas turbine engine that is used for aircraft propulsion and includes a hot gas flow section, following the turbine, that is contained in an air cooled liner "assembly" having an impingement sheet surrounding a liner sheet. The hot engine exhaust is constrained within the liner, and air is forced through the the impingement sheet and the liner, cooling the liner. The cooling air exits at the exhaust end of the engine.
The liner assembly is exposed to considerable heating, and, as would be expected, liner heating can be very uneven, creating local thermal stresses. For one thing, the upstream area is much hotter than the down stream area. The liner, which must be as light as possible, is supported on the engine, but in such a way that buckling is minimized, as buckling can lead to local stresses and premature liner fatigue. Support is typically provided by brackets, as demonstrated in U.S. Pat. No. 2,938,333.
The conventional liner, such as the liner in U.S. Pat. No. 2,938,333, is made of sheet metal and the impingement and liner sheets are attached by welding or by fasteners, a design, though common, is not particularly rigid, increasing the tendency for temperature induced liner warpage. These designs also do not lend themselves to modulating cooling airflow so that the hotter areas receive more airflow than the cooler areas. Additionally, the flexible cupped membrane configuration used in such liners, as shown in U.S. Pat. No. 2,938,333, is not compatible with the smoothness and coating retention requirements for low observable advanced military engine exhaust systems.There are several demands made on the cutting header of a harvesting machine. The first demand is that the crop be cut at the desired height and be delivered as desired for further treatment in the harvester. Therefore, the cutting header must be adjustable in accordance with often very varied harvesting conditions or other specific demands. As an example may be mentioned the demands made on the header of a whole crop harvester, which include a very low stubble height. Prior art often includes adjustable skids in combination with a spring balancing system to make the header follow the ground contour closely. In this case it is very important that the header is well balanced. In other words the weight of the header must not exceed the carrying ability of the skids in case the skids run into an elevation. Otherwise the header easily digs into the ground, which implies a great risk for extensive damage. In other words, the header must be floating. It has been difficult to unite these demands according to prior art. This is especially true for very large and heavy cutter headers, with a great mass to be accelerated and hence a low mobility.
Prior art also includes the use of mobile headers in combination with sensing runners or other sensing elements underneath the cutter-bar, which detect unevenness of the ground and feed impulses to the hydraulic cylinders of the integrated cutting header. These known systems also include hydraulic balancing. The purpose is to control the set stubble height automatically. The existing systems have not, however, solved the above problem, and have in practice exhibited certain other drawbacks, such as a risk of having the reel run into the cutter-bar when working at a low height if the header is raised quickly as a result of the detectors sensing some elevation of the ground underneath the cutter-bar.This invention relates to a liquid crystal display device having a liquid crystal cell and a printed circuit board for driving the liquid crystal cell, and especially relates to an improved mechanical and electrical connection between the liquid crystal cell and circuit board.
In the conventional type display device, the liquid crystal cell and the drive cricuit are constructed so as to enable easy attaching and detaching in view of the construction and maintenance which must be performed.
In FIG. 1 is shown a typical prior art construction wherein the outer electrode 21 of the liquid crystal cell 1 and the electrode of the printed cricuit board 3 are oppositely positioned to each other.
Said liquid crystal cell and said printed circuit board are supported by a supporting member 5 and electro-conductive elastic material 4, and are elastically supported by a screw bolt 6.
According to the aforementioned technique, the electrical connection between said printed circuit board and said liquid crystal cell is attained by the electro-conductive elastic member 4, whereas the mechanical connection between said printed circuit board and said liquid crystal cell is attained by the supporting member 5 and the screw bolt 6. Therefore, a relatively large number of parts are needed thereby increasing the cost of the liquid crystal cell. Moreover, the uppermost portion of the liquid crystal cell 1 is supported by the supporting member 5 so that an air gap exists between said liquid cell 1 and the outer protective glass, whereby the aforementioned construction is not suitable for use in a thin type of a display device.The transmission and transfer of alternating current electrical power from the generating source to the end user requires particular consideration of many variables when the source is stationary and the user is in motion, as in the case of an electrical railway. One of the principal factors to be considered is that of money outlay, either as a first cost or for the rehabilitation and updating of existing trackage and railway cars or vehicles. With the usual number of vehicles per mile of track, the cost of electrification of the track is many times the cost of the electrical equipment on the vehicle, and it thus behooves the designer to point efforts to a vehicle system in which the cost of track electrification is minimized. It is recognized that highest possible voltage, single phase power with reasonably high power factor, results in lowest track costs.
Insofar as voltage is a factor, it is desirable for the wayside power distribution system to furnish alternating current power at 25,000 or even 50,000 volts in the case of station stop distances of the order of 50 miles, for example. With voltages of this level, it is no longer practical to furnish polyphase power through the pickup, and it becomes essential to utilize a third rail or overhead catenary system and pantograph pickup with current return in the grounded reaction rail to supply single phase power. Given this situation of power supply from the track electrification it is seen that the equipment on board the vehicle must be adapted to convert the high voltage single phase alternating current into power at the wheels and, at the same time, present a reasonable power factor window for the source to look into. It is apparent, of course, that such on board equipment ought not exact any undue penalty of weight and envelope.
The voltage aforesaid is too high for the traction motor or motors, so a transformer is needed aboard the vehicle. Furthermore, if the traction motors are of the induction type (either rotary or linear), polyphase power is required at least at starting. On the other hand, either rotary or linear induction motors present a poor power factor.
To meet this problem there was devised the Kando System used on the Hungarian State Railways for a period extending from 1932 to sometime during the 1950's. This system was featured by a free-running, rotating synchronous machine having a direct current excited rotor and a stator provided with single phase power input and polyphase power output windings. This converting machine provided step-down transformer action, phase conversion, and power factor correction in a single entity, whose weight was not of paramount importance since it was used on locomotives. For example, a typical Kando System, including the necessary auxiliary accessory equipment such as oil and water coolers and pumps, water tank, air circulating fans, and the like, occupied an envelope volume of about 4,500 cubic feet and weighed over 13 tons.
Modern high speed transportation methods, utilizing either rotary or linear types of polyphase induction motors, are not adapted to such unwieldy, cumbersome and massive converting machinery exemplified by the Kando System. Hence, later technology has tended to look in other directions for solutions to the problem of providing either tracked-wheel or tracked-air-cushion transportation vehicles or magnetic levitation vehicles adapted to speeds upwardly to 300 or 400 miles per hour.Such a ball-and-socket joint has been known from, e.g., DE 43 06 006 A1. It has a hollow cylindrical housing, into the interior space of which a bearing shell is inserted for receiving the joint ball of a ball pivot in a slidingly movable manner. The bearing shell of the prior-art ball-and-socket joints, which have a very simple design, consists of plastic, which guarantees optimal friction conditions for the joint ball to be mounted. The bearing shell disclosed in the said document has a ring collar, which is supported on one side at the end face of the housing. On the side located opposite the ring collar, a ring collet is made in one piece with the bearing shell, and in the preassembled state the said ring collet has an axial extension and external dimensions relative to the central longitudinal axis of the bearing shell that correspond to the external dimensions of the bearing shell. During the assembly of the prior-art ball-and-socket joint, the bearing shell is inserted into the housing, so that the ring collar is supported at the end face of the housing and the ring collet can be deformed on the opposite side of the housing by means of a deformation process. An ultrasonic deformation process is proposed for the deformation of the ring collet in the cited document. After the conclusion of the ultrasonic deformation, the ring collet forms a bead on the housing, as a result of which the bearing shell is fixed at the housing.
A very essential problem in the prior-art ball-and-socket joint designs is that the bearing shell fixed on the housing by means of ultrasonic deformation does not engage in a permanently fixed connection with the housing and loosening of the bearing shell cannot therefore be ruled out over the lifetime of the ball-and-socket joint. The friction generated by the relative movements between the housing and the bearing shell leads to an increase in wear, so that the ball-and-socket joint may ultimately fail. Moreover, penetrating contaminants act as factors accelerating the failure of the joint as a consequence of the abrasion due to the increasing wear of the bearing shell.
To prevent the bearing shell from loosening and from performing, e.g., rotary movements around the central longitudinal axis of the housing, notches are currently prepared in the edge area of the housing blank after the manufacturing of the housing blank, and the material of the bearing shell, softened by the ultrasonic deformation, can later flow into the said notches at least in some sections. However, the notches, prepared in the housing according to an impression process, lead to deformations of the housing, so that the latter will have unacceptable tolerances, run-outs, conicities and/or errors in plane parallelism.
It was, furthermore, observed that the material of the softened bearing shell material sometimes flows into the notches of the housing during the ultrasonic deformation to a limited extent only. Thus, separation of the bearing shell from the housing and a resulting mobility of the bearing shell in relation to the housing cannot be ruled out with certainty even in the case of these improved designs.In the past, an ultrasonic wave generator using mechanical vibrations due to the piezoelectric effect has been widely known. As this kind of ultrasonic wave generator, for example, there is a structure where electrodes are formed on both surfaces of a crystal of a piezoelectric material such as barium titanate. The mechanical vibrations obtained by applying an electric energy between the electrodes generate the ultrasonic wave in a surrounding medium (e.g., air). However, since the above-mentioned ultrasonic wave generator has a characteristic resonance frequency, there are problems that the frequency band becomes narrow, and it is susceptible to external vibrations or fluctuations of outside air pressure.
On the other hand, in recent years, a pressure wave generator capable of generating a pressure wave such as ultrasonic wave in a medium without using mechanical vibrations is attractive. For example, a pressure wave generator disclosed in Japanese Patent Early Publication No. 11-300274 is equipped with a single crystal silicon used as a substrate, a porous silicon layer formed as a heat insulating layer on the substrate, an aluminum film formed as a heat generating layer on the heat insulating layer, and a pair of pads electrically connected to the heat generating layer. In this pressure wave generator, when an electric energy is applied to the heat generating layer through the pads, a temperature change occurs in the heat generating layer in response to a driving input waveform, i.e., a driving voltage waveform or a driving current waveform. This temperature change of the heat generating layer causes, through a heat exchange between the heat generating layer and a medium (e.g., air) in the vicinity of the device, expansion and contraction of the medium in a thermally induced manner. As a result, the pressure wave is generated in the medium.
However, in the case of using this kind of thermally induced type pressure wave generator in the air, it is known that there is a phenomenon that an efficiency defined as a ratio of sound pressure of the generated compression wave relative to the input power reduces over time. That is, when oxidation of the porous silicon layer proceeds by the influence of oxygen and moisture in the air, the heat insulating property of the porous silicon layer deteriorates, so that a reduction in the aforementioned efficiency happens.
In this regard, when it is assumed that a condition for driving the above pressure wave generator (i.e., an input power applied to the heat generating layer) is constant, the sound pressure of the generated compression wave reduces due to an increase over time in heat conductivity of the heat insulating layer or an increase over time in heat capacity per unit volume thereof. Therefore, when the pressure wave generator is used as a wave sending device for a reflection-type ultrasonic sensor, the maximum measurable distance reduces (i.e., the detection area becomes narrow). As a result, there is a case that an object can not be detected. In addition, when the pressure wave generator is used as a speaker, there is a problem that the sound pressure reduces. The above-described change over time of the porous silicon layer is a phenomenon caused irrespective of conditions for forming the porous silicon layer.
In addition, since the heat generating layer that is an electrical resistive element is formed on the porous silicon layer, the heat generating layer partially reacts with the porous silicon layer when the pressure wave generator is used for an extended time period, so that a leak current may locally flow through a resistance reduced portion. Furthermore, when a conductive path is formed through the silicon substrate, an electric current having a very large current density locally flows. This phenomenon easily happens in the case of increasing the input power applied to the pressure wave generator to obtain a large sound pressure. As a result, the pressure wave generator may have a breakdown due to burn out of the heat generating layer.
In the above, it was explained about the case characteristics of the heat insulating layer of porous silicon deteriorate due to a reaction with oxygen in the air. On the other hand, even when the heat insulating layer is made of an inactive material such as porous silica and porous alumina, it is expected that a change over time in heat conductivity or heat capacity per unit volume of the heat insulating layer is caused by adsorption or adherence of the moisture in the air and the other impurities.
Thus, from the viewpoint of solving various kinds of defects caused by diffusion of components (principally air) of the surrounding medium into the heat insulating layer, conventional pressure wave generators still have plenty of room for improvement.1. Field of the Invention
This invention relates to fluid control valves, and more particularly, to means for providing valve-valve seat contact for valve-valve seat misalignments and for resisting valve vibration induced by fluid flowing therethrough when the valve is in an open, unengaged configuration
2. Description of the Prior Art
Large steam turbines often utilize individually actuated control valves to avoid vibration problems which occur with internal bar lift arrangements when the mass flow rate therethrough is greater than 300,000 pounds per hour. Use of individually actuated valves provides an acceptable solution if the maximum misalignment between the valve's stem and seat at the time of valve closing is not greater than 0.006 inch. Due, however, to the non-symmetric design of and differential temperatures between components thereof, integral extraction steam chests in steam turbines typically result in parallel misalignments between the valve's stem and the valve's seat of as much as 0.10 inch. Such misalignments may be partially explained by the non-symmetric design of the steam chest and the different effects the high pressure has on the structural members holding the stems and seats of the valves. Valve vibrational problems have, in the past, been reduced by utilizing guides about the valve's plug or body to prevent vibratory motion therein. Such guides are, however, not useful when misalignment between the valve plug and seat is a problem. It is, therefore, a necessity in certain circumstances to have control valves which satisfactorily operate under relatively large misalignments and are, simultaneously, resistant to fluidly imparted vibratory motion when in the open, unengaged configuration.1. Technical Field
The present invention relates to a game machine constructed to be capable of disbursing a predetermined number of game balls in response to a game ball entering a winning pocket to win a prize, or a predetermined number of coins (medals) in response to ‘bingo’ by lot drawing, and a game system constructed to be capable of making a prize exchange within the range of the disbursed (reserved) number of game balls or coins.
2. Related Art
Pachinko machines (or game machines) of such type (for instance, a pachinko machine as disclosed in Japanese Unexamined Patent Application Publication No. 2000-296222) are generally installed in pachinko shops. When a game is played with the conventional pachinko machine, a prepaid card is first purchased for borrowing pachinko balls (game balls). Next, seated in front of a desired pachinko machine, a user inserts the prepaid card into a card insertion slot of a ball lending device to borrow the desired number of pachinko balls and then manipulates a handle. At this time, a ball shooting section of the pachinko machine shoots the pachinko balls with a force according to a manipulated state of the handle. As a result, the pachinko balls move (fall) down on the surface of a game board. Then, when a pachinko ball enters a winning pocket to win a prize, a reel of a display unit arranged at the center of the game board is rotated to open a big wining pocket when this reel stops at a “bingo”. Further, when a pachinko ball enters the opened big winning pocket to win a prize, a predetermined number of pachinko balls are disbursed to a ball receiver.
In this case, the conventional pachinko machine allows a user to enjoy only a fixed kind of game. Therefore, when a user wants to play a game with another pachinko machine different from the one played until then, it is necessary to collect the pachinko balls in the ball receiver into a ball box, to carry the ball box to a counter, and then to count the number of balls by the counter. Thereafter, the user borrows pachinko balls out of another desired pachinko machine and manipulates a handle similar to the way described above. With them, the user can enjoy the game in a different pachinko machine. Further, when the game is completed, the pachinko balls in the ball receiver are put back in the ball box and taken to the counter, and the number of balls is counted with the counter. At this time, the counter counts the number of inputted pachinko balls to make a printer output the result. Thereafter, the user presents the piece of paper with the number of pachinko balls printed by the counter to a prize exchange office, so that a desired prize will be exchanged within the range of the number of dropped-out balls.
However, the conventional pachinko machine has the following problems. That is, the pachinko machine is installed in a pachinko shop along with a ball lending device or a ball-conveying device. In order to play a game with the pachinko machine, therefore, it should be taken for granted that a user is required to go to the pachinko shop. Meanwhile, a player who enjoys playing pachinko games desires to play games in a pachinko machine conveniently anytime or anywhere like when waiting for subways or resting after lunch. In case of the conventional pachinko machine, a large-scaled facility is required to accommodate a ball conveying mechanism to convey pachinko balls or the like. Since the conventional pachinko machine cannot be installed with ease in station premises or dining rooms, there has been a problem that it cannot fully satisfy the player's wish. Further, conventional pachinko machines have been used to play a specific game, one game per machine, a user has needed to collect the pachinko balls in the ball receiver into a ball box, to take the ball box to the counter, and then to count the number of balls by the counter. Thereafter, the user may move to another desired pachinko machine for another game.
Therefore, there is another problem that it is difficult for the user to play a plurality of games using conventional pachinko game machines.
The present invention has been made in consideration of such problems. It is therefore one object of the present invention to provide a game machine and a game system that can be easily installed in a station premise or restaurant. Further, it is another object of the present invention to provide a game machine and a game system that makes it possible for a user to enjoy a plurality of games with ease.Cellular wireless communications systems are designed to serve multiple wireless-enabled devices distributed over a large geographic area by dividing the area into regions called cells or cell areas. Within each cell area, a network-side access device (e.g., an access point) is located to serve client devices, commonly referred to as access terminals (ATs), that are located in the cell area. An AT generally establishes a call, also referred to as a communication session, with a wireless access point to communicate with other entities (e.g., servers) in the network.
Wireless access points may serve smaller areas and have limited access. Access points of this type include private access points, which may serve users in a home or business only. In a private access point, the owner of the access point decides who has access to the wireless access point for communication. Others are blocked from access.
To this end, wireless access points, including private access points, may employ what is referred to as closed access control. Closed access control, in general, means limiting use of an access point in some fashion. In some cases, closed access control may rely on identifiers associated with the mobile device hardware.
In some geographic markets, such as regions of Asia, users are permitted, without consent of their wireless carrier (i.e., operator), to swap User Identity Module (UIM) cards between different mobile devices (or other type of AT). Operators in these markets typically do not store information regarding hardware identifiers for mobile devices. Accordingly, closed access control has to rely on a user identifier, such as an International Mobile Subscriber Identity (IMSI), which is stored in a UIM card.This invention relates to a plasma X-ray source producing soft X-rays by forming a high temperature and high density plasma by means of pulse discharge in a discharge tube using coaxial electrodes, and in particular to a plasma X-ray source which is suitable for a source of an X-ray aligner for manufacturing submicron integrated circuits.
The plasma focus is well known as a representative example of discharge tubes having coaxial electrodes. Research has been conducted heretofore on the plasma focus as sources generating neutrons, for which gas such as heavy hydrogen filled in a discharge tube having coaxially disposed cylindrical electrodes is turned into plasma by applying a pulse voltage from a capacitor to the electrodes and the plasma is accelerated in the space defined between the electrodes so as to be focussed in the neighborhood of the extremity of one of the electrodes so that a high temperature and high density plasma is formed. However, since strong soft X-rays are also emitted from a high temperature and high density plasma produced by the plasma focus, recently attention is paid thereto also as an X-ray source.
Since the construction and the working mode of the plasma focus are simple and the brightness of the source is high, the plasma focus has a possibility to be an excellent X-ray source, but it has a problem that the position of the spot emitting soft X-rays moves from shot to shot. Although it is expected that the spot of the plasma focus is formed on the axis of the coaxial electrodes, in practice it is deviated often from the axis, and even if it is formed on the axis, its position varies thereon. This aspect is described e.g. in W. H. Bostick, V. Nardi and W. Prior: "X-ray fine structure of dense plasma in a coaxial accelerator", J. Plasma Physics, Vol. 8, pt 1, pp. 7-20 (1972).
For a reason why such variations are produced, heretofore, instability of plasma itself has been known, but other reasons therefor have not been clarified.In recent years, thermal transfer systems have been developed to obtain prints from pictures that have been generated electronically from a color camera. According to one way of obtaining such prints, an electronic picture is first subjected to color separation by color filters. The respective color-separated images are then converted into electrical signals. These signals are then operated on to produce cyan, magenta and yellow signals. These signals are then transmitted to a thermal printer. To obtain the print, a cyan, magenta or yellow dye-donor element is placed face-to-face with a dye-receiving element. The two are then inserted between a thermal printing head and a platen roller. A line-type thermal printing head is used to apply heat from the back of the dye-donor sheet. The thermal printing head has many heating elements and is heated up sequentially in response to one of the cyan, magenta and yellow signals. The process is then repeated for the other two colors. A color hard copy is thus obtained which corresponds to the original picture viewed on a screen. Further details of this process and an apparatus for carrying it out are contained in U.S. Pat. No. 4,621,271, the disclosure of which is hereby incorporated by reference.
Thermal prints are susceptible to retransfer of dyes to adjacent surfaces and to discoloration by fingerprints. This is due to dye being at the surface of the dye-receiving layer of the print. These dyes can be driven further into the dye-receiving layer by thermally fusing the print with either hot rollers or a thermal head. This will help to reduce dye retransfer and fingerprint susceptibility, but does not eliminate these problems. However, the application of a protection overcoat will practically eliminate these problems. This protection overcoat is applied to the receiver element by heating in a likewise manner after the dyes have been transferred. The protection overcoat will improve the stability of the image to light fade and oil from fingerprints.
In a thermal dye transfer printing process, it is desirable for the finished prints to compare favorably with color photographic prints in terms of image quality. The look of the final print is very dependent on the surface texture and gloss. Typically, color photographic prints are available in surface finishes ranging from very smooth, high gloss to rough, low gloss matte.
The transferable protection layer of the dye donor that has a glossy finish is manufactured by a gravure coating process between the temperatures of 55° F. and 120° F., preferably between 65° F. and 100° F. A coating melt or solution is prepared from a solvent soluble polymer, a colloidal silica and organic particles and is transferred in the liquid state from the etching of the gravure cylinder to the dye donor support. The coated layer is dried by evaporating the solvent.
The transferable protection layer is usually one of at least two patches on the dye donor. It is transferred after printing an image from the dye donor to the surface of the dye receiving layer of the receiver by heating the backside of the donor causing the transferable protection layer to adhere to the dye receiving layer. The dye donor is peeled away from the receiver after cooling resulting in transfer of the protective layer. The surface of the transferred protective layer adhered to the dye-receiving layer has a measurable 60 degree gloss that is usually between 65 and 85 gloss units.
It has been found that the gloss on a laminated print decreases as the printing line time decreases, which is a problem as printing times become faster.A conventional flat cable comprises a plurality of conductors covered with insulation arranged to joint each other in a side-by-side fashion to form a cable having a flat structure. The flat cable is commonly used for transmission of signal in a variety of electrical appliances, electronic facility, computer facility, and communication facility.
Recently, flexible circuit board technology has also been applied to construct flat cables. The flexible circuit-board flat cables that are commonly used currently are constructed in different configurations that are either a single-sided board, a double-sided board, or a multiple-layered board, in order to meet the needs of applications that require different numbers of conductors for signal transmission.
Adopting a flat cable that has a flat structure to serve as a signal transmission line constitutes no severe problem in practical applications where the flat cable needs to extend through an elongate space. However, lots of existing electronic or communication devices use a hinge structure that has a bore. For example, in the structure designs of various consumer electronic devices, such as notebook computers, liquid crystal displays, digital cameras, mobile phones, touch panels, or other electronic devices, a cover or a screen is coupled to a body of the electronic device with a hinge structure. To allow a signal to be transmitted from the body of the electronic device to the cover or the screen, the state-of-the-art techniques use a miniaturized flat cable or bundled extra thin leads to serve as a signal transmission line. In the applications mentioned previously, adopting the conventional flat cable constitutes problems, for example, rotation of the hinge being negatively affected by the existence of the conventional flat cable, insufficient flexibility of the conductors or leads, poor durability against flexing of the conductors or leads. Due to these problems, the present inventor provided various flexible flat circuit cables that have a bundled structure and a cluster section. The cluster section is composed of a plurality of cluster strips formed by slitting a flexible substrate in an extension direction.The present invention relates to novel antibiotic compounds designated as boxazomycin A and B, to pharmaceutically acceptable derivatives thereof, to pharmaceutical compositions containing said compounds, to a process for the production of said compounds, and to a method for the treatment of infectious diseases caused by Gram-positive bacteria.
More particularly, the process for producing boxazomycin A and B relates to an aerobic fermentation process using a novel actinomycete strain No. G495-11 isolated from a soil sample collected in Taiwan. The morphological, cultural and physiological characteristics and the cellular chemical compositions described hereinafter indicate that strain No. G495-11 is classified as a species of the genus Pseudonocardia.Conventional lobster harvesting has consisted of divers harvesting lobsters and the use of traps placed on the sea floor and whose location has been marked with floats. These methods of harvesting lobsters has been useful to date, however, the ever increasing population is placing increased demands on our natural resources that are nearing or have already outpaced the available, sustainable lobster supply. One solution has been to look to new locations for harvesting lobsters. Another solution has been to raise lobsters in captivity. Raising lobsters in captivity is in its infancy.
Typically, juvenile lobsters, also referred to as seed lobsters, are captured from near shore reefs and ocean accessible shallows, such as in the channels proximate to the shallows. These seed lobsters are then contained in cages in a naturally occurring water body or on land in tanks. The seed lobsters are typically captured via a collector suspended in the water. Each collector is deployed individually and is checked individually. The collector is hauled from the water and manually shaken by hand over the deck of a boat. All lobsters that fall to the deck of the boat are collected. Wind and seas often make this a very time consuming process because the boat must maneuvered to catch the float for each collector. Currently, the process is very time consuming.1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to a pressure controller for a pressure regulator and more specifically to a pressure controller that includes pressure source independent of the process fluid and controls the regulator based on pressure sensed remotely from the regulator.
2. Related Art
In systems for supplying liquid or gas to a point for use from a source which is subject to variable conditions, a pressure regulator is often utilized. The regulator functions to maintain a constant pressure in the fluid despite variations in pressure from the supply.
It has been known to install a pressure transducer downstream of a regulator to read downstream pressure and transfer the reading to an electronic controller which compares the signal with a predetermined setting. The electronic controller sends an electrical signal to a converter which transforms the electrical signal into a pneumatic signal and increases or decreases pressure in the regulator to adjust downstream pressure.
Efforts of others include the following:
Bloom, U.S. Pat. No. 2,339,753, discloses a liquid control apparatus comprising a single unit that regulates pressure of fluid flowing through it in one direction, and utilizes the pressure of the fluid in the other direction, in a separate chamber, to control the regulator. The invention is related primarily to regulators used in industrial furnace installations, such as, those fired with tar or heavy oil.
Katchka, U.S. Pat. No. 3,525,355, discloses a flow control device that can be used in connection with, for example, a fuel control apparatus for a water heater control system. The device includes an inlet, an outlet and a main valve of the pressure-to-close type interposed therebetween. The valve includes a flexible diaphragm and a coil spring. On the back side of the diaphragm is an operating pressure chamber. An external bleed path communicates with the inlet passage. The external bleed path includes a conduit, a thermostatic valve and another conduit that reenters the casing at a passage which eventually leads to the outlet through a pressure chamber and a passage with a flow restrictor therein. The internal bleed path communicates with the inlet through a passage having a porting which communicates with the operating pressure chamber. The internal bleed path also leads to a bleed path valve having a valve seat, a spring and a valve member. The passage leads from the bleed path valve to a regulating valve which includes a valve seat, a valve member and a flexible diaphragm.
Kakegawa, U.S. Pat. No. 3,805,823, discloses a pressure regulator having a main regulator and a pilot regulator. The device includes two chambers in a main regulator divided by a main diaphragm. Flow of fluid passing through the regulator is controlled by the pilot regulator which communicates at one end with the downstream side and at the other end with the upstream side. The pressure differential between the upstream side and the downstream side serves to vary the position of the main diaphragm thereby adjusting the valve to maintain fluid pressure on the low pressure side constant.
Modes, U.S. Pat. No. 4,157,159, discloses a self adjusting fluid flow regulator for use in fluid handling systems capable of maintaining a constant flow rate. The flow regulator may be utilized within an air distribution system such as that which supplies air through ducts to various rooms or portions of an enclosure. The system includes a pressurized air source which supplies air flow through a duct network to various terminal ports.
Risk, U.S. Pat. No. 4,000,754, discloses an automatic control valve for a fluid system such as for a hydraulic elevator system. The device includes a main valve body with first and second chambers interconnected by a port. An adjustable valve restricts the flow of fluid through the port. The adjustable valve is controlled by a fluid responsive valve actuator means. A first bypass conduit interconnects the first chamber and the valve actuator and controls the rate of fluid flow from the first chamber to the valve actuator. A second bypass conduit interconnects the second chamber with the valve actuator. A regulator connected across the first and second bypass conduits and responsive to the rate of fluid flow through the valve, is actuated by a fluid flow rate greater than a pre-determined rate to restrict the second bypass conduit thereby developing a pressure build up in the valve actuator and enabling the valve actuator to close the valves until the pressure unbalance is removed.
Johnson, U.S. Pat. No. 4,083,375, discloses a pilot regulator for pressure regulation servo-control of a valve in a compressible fluid system. The regulator includes a restrictor for supplying fluid from the main valve inlet to a control chamber.
McNeely, U.S. Pat. No. 5,027,852, discloses a safety relief system for a pressure vessel having a safety relief valve in a main flow line from the pressure vessel. The pilot valve includes a separate auxiliary source of high pressure fluid for operating the pilot valve.
What would be desirable, but has not heretofore been developed, is a pressure controller which functions without electronics which senses pressure at a point of regulation and based on said pressure utilizes an independent pressure source to provide a control pressure to a pressure regulator.
It is an object of the present invention to provide a pressure controller for a pressure regulator.
It is another object of the present invention to provide a pressure controller for controlling a pressure regulator which pressure controller does not have electronic components.
It is even another object of the present invention to provide a pressure controller which uses a pressure source, independent of the process fluid, for control pressure.
It is a further object of the present invention to provide a pressure controller for a pressure regulator which uses compressed air to control pressure in the pressure regulator.
It is a further object of the present invention to provide a pressure controller which provides compressed air to a pressure regulator based on process fluid pressure being regulated by the pressure regulator.
It is still a further object of the present invention to provide a pressure controller that uses compressed air wherein compressed air is directed to a pressure regulator or to atmosphere or to both based on the pressure of the process fluid being regulated by the pressure regulator.
The present invention relates to a pressure controller for controlling a pressure regulator to deliver process fluid at a regulated pressure from a variable pressure supply. The pressure controller includes a control pressure source independent of the process fluid, such as compressed air, which enters the controller through a restriction. The compressed air passes through the controller to the regulator where it exerts pressure on the pressure regulator. The controller is interconnected with the process fluid line and senses pressure in a diaphragm chamber of the controller. The pressure on the diaphragm is opposed by a bias such as a spring. The diaphragm is interconnected with a valve. The bias tends to move the valve to a closed position. Pressure on the diaphragm tends to move the valve to an open position. The bias means is adjustable. As pressure in the diaphragm chamber pressure rises, corresponding to a rise in pressure of the process fluid pressure, the diaphragm is moved to open the valve to allow the flow of the control pressure through the valve to a drain, such as atmosphere. If the regulated pressure falls below a set point, the valve closes and the control pressure is not drained or vented to atmosphere, but flows directly to the regulator to increase pressure on the regulator to increase the pressure of the process fluid. At the set pressure the valve is partially open limiting air flow to atmosphere, maintaining constant pressure to the regulator, so the force of the bias is equal to the force of the process fluid on the diaphragm. The design of the invention provides feedback to the regulator based on downstream pressure sensed by the controller without the need for electronics.The invention relates to a process for blending liquid flows, particularly in the approach system to a paper machine, as well as a device for implementing the process.
In paper-making, a pulp suspension is distributed evenly over a wire and the greater part of the water is removed from the pulp in the first part. Before the suspension is fed onto the wire, impurities, in particular, are removed. The pulp suspension also contains gas, particularly air, as free air in the form of bubbles and as dissolved air. This air, especially in the form of bubbles, causes problems in the paper production process, particularly if present in larger quantities. As a result there may be problems with foam, instabilities in the process, pulsations in the approach system to the paper machine, reduced dewatering performance and, as a further consequence, small holes may appear in the paper web.
A process to achieve maximum possible degassing is described, for example, in U.S. Pat. No. 4,219,340. The evacuation is, however, very complex and in many cases, there is no need for complete evacuation.
In the approach system to the paper machine, different pulp components (long fibres, short fibres, broke, etc.) are currently fed into a tank and blended. The various chemicals are added (e.g. wet strength agent, dye, filler, etc.). As an alternative, the individual components and also additives can be fed into a mixing pipe.
The problem with these set-ups is that the substances are not mixed adequately and also contain a large proportion of gas, both in the individual flows of the pulp components and in the white water. EP 0 543 866 B1 shows a plant, for example, in which several pumps are used to remove the gas from the pulp that has been blended beforehand and from the white water coming from the paper machine. The plant is not capable, however, of mixing pulp components and additives.
Although the sensors for measuring quantities and consistency are located in the de-aerated pulp, there is no device here to mix the dilution water homogenously into the pulp.Among patients having intact retrograde atrial-ventricular (AV) conduction, PVC or other ventricular events may cause retrograde atrial depolarizations that occur during the postventricular atrial refractory period (PVARP). These atrial depolarization events do not initiate a new AV interval but may render subsequent atrial pacing stimulus ineffectual (i.e., if provided during the physiologic refractory period of the atria). In older cardiac pacing regimens, this phenomenon was dealt with under the general rubric of pacemaker syndrome.
Currently, most cardiac pacing systems have automatic atrial tachyarrhythmia (AT) recognition. Shortly after AT detection such cardiac pacing systems change the operating mode (i.e., perform mode-switching) for example by performing so-called anti-tachycardia “overdrive” pacing (ATP) to halt the AT.
Various methods to safely restore AV synchrony following non-physiologic atrial events (e.g., retrograde p-waves) have been known and used in the art. One approach is to deliver an atrial pace stimulus following a fixed delay (e.g., 300 ms) to allow the refractory myocardial tissue to recover and thereby reduce the risk of provoking an AT by competitive atrial pacing. One pacemaker manufacturer refers to their technique as non-competitive atrial pacing (NCAP), another refers to their technique as atrial synchronization pacing (ASP). The NCAP approach may be adapted to avoid repetitive AVDA sequences by simply extending the NCAP delay following a refractory event (e.g., event deemed non-physiologic). Such an extended delay allows additional time for the excitable atrial myocardial tissue to fully recover. However, the downside to this approach is a significant disruption of the paced rhythm, especially during sensor-driven pacing.
Other intervals timed by a pacemaker or implantable pulse generator (IPG) include atrial and ventricular sense amplifier blanking periods following delivery of atrial and/or ventricular pacing pulses to disable atrial and ventricular amplifier sensing. In addition, sense amplifier refractory periods are timed- or switched-out following atrial and ventricular paced and sensed event signals. Such “refractory” A-sense and V-sense signals are selectively ignored or employed in a variety of ways; for example, to reset or extend time periods or to gather evidence that an arrhythmia is present, and the like. An atrial refractory period (ARP) extends for various time durations through the Sensed AV (SAV) delay or the Paced AV (PAV) delay.
In addition, a post-ventricular atrial refractory period (PVARP) begins at a V-PACE pulse or V-SENSE event. A-SENSE signals occurring during the PVARP are noted (e.g., counted as evidence that an arrhythmia is present) but do not start an AV interval. The rationale for this operation is that such events may be a retrograde atrial sensed (AR) event or an event that is part of an atrial tachycardia episode. In either case, it is not desirable to synchronize ventricular pacing to such events. The duration of the PVARP may be fixed by programming, extended after a PVC, or vary as a function of the pacing or heart rate, with the result that in many cases relatively long PVARPs are in effect at lower rates.1. Field of the Invention
This invention relates to the field of digital data processing systems, and more particularly relates to communication of information between components in such systems.
2. Background of the Invention
In the field of digital data processing systems, as the computer capabilities of data processing devices have increased, both in terms of speed, efficiency, and complexity, the number of users or applications which may be concurrently supported by a single central processing device has also increased.
Often, the number of remote devices in a system exceeds the number of separate input/output (I/O) ports of the central processing device. In this case, a multiplexing communications system may be implemented which allows multiple remote devices to share a common one of the central device's I/O ports.
Remote or "peripheral" devices, such as user terminals, printers, modems, data storage devices, data acquisition devices, and the like, must frequently exchange information with a central processing unit, and as the number of remote devices increases, such communication of data between peripheral devices and a central unit must be highly efficient. The communications system must also allow the central device to selectively exchange data with any one of the remote devices, and each remote device must have a unique identity as seen by the central device. Accordingly, any communications scheme for multiplexed systems must include not only the hardware components for implementing the actual data link, but also a communications protocol for use with the hardware, for allowing data transferred on the link to be associated with a particular sender or receiver.
Maintaining the identity of devices and data in a multiplexed system can be accomplished in a number of ways. One method involves the assignment of a unique identification code to each device in the system, including identification of the sender and/or receiver of data within the data itself as it is transmitted along the shared data link. An example of this is the so-called address/packet protocol, wherein all information transmitted on the shared data link is of a standard format which includes device identification fields. Packets of data transmitted on a data link that is shared by multiple devices could be received by all devices at once; each device could then decode the identification field of the incoming packets to determine whether the data is intended for it.
In another type of multiplexing, called Time Division Multiplexing (TDM), the identity of data is determined by the time of its transmission on the shared medium. Each device sharing a common data link is allocated, in a regular and cyclical fashion, a fixed period of time during which it has access to the data link. If a first device needs to send data, it must wait until its allocated time slot before sending it. The identity of the sending device is thus implicitly known to the receiving device according to the time of transmission.
Alternately, access to a shared data link can be multiplexed on a demand, or First-Come-First-Served (FCFS) basis, in which a device is granted access to the data link not in a cyclical fashion, but according to its needs. Often, demand multiplexing is implemented through the use of a separate multiplexor unit, which receives requests for access to the shared data link from multiple devices, and allocates access according to a FCFS algorithm. With demand multiplexing, the multiplexor logic must be capable of informing each device of the source of data transmitted on the shared link, since time slices are not allocated in a repeating, cyclical manner.
Additionally, variations of demand multiplexing can be implemented wherein the FCFS algorithm is replaced by a weighted algorithm which considers other factors, such as varying levels of device priority, in allocating access to the multiplexed data link. In any non-symmetrical implementation in which one device may have temporary or permanent priority over another, care must be taken that low priority devices are not prevented entirely from gaining access to the shared data link by higher priority devices. Typically it is the duty of the multiplexing logic (either software or hardware) to ensure equity or near-equity of access to a shared communication medium.
The aforementioned methods of multiplexing each have their disadvantages. Multiplexing schemes typically require substantial hardware support for allocating access to the shared link in an efficient and equitable manner. In pure TDM schemes, inefficiency is unavoidably introduced if any devices are idle, because the shared link would go unused during an idle device's time slot. Though no bandwidth may be lost in demand and other priority-based access schemes, these methods may also suffer from inefficiency if the multiplexing algorithm allowed one very active device to dominate over all others. In address/packet protocol multiplexing, on the other hand, each participating device must provide hardware or software for "de-packetizing" all incoming data packets to determine the intended recipient. Hardware or software must also be provided in each device for "packetizing" all outgoing data. The processing overhead for packetization and depacketization is further increased if the packet size is allowed to be variable under a given protocol.
The addition of devices or user terminals to multi-user systems often requires a great deal of system reconfiguration. As the limits of the system's communications hardware are reached, new hardware must be added, or the existing hardware must be replaced by new, more densely packed hardware. Such hardware changes typically involve reconfiguration of the system software or firmware to accommodate the new hardware.In a client/server computing environment a need may arise to enable a client to communicate with two servers, each of which provide functions that represent a portion of a service desired by the client. In some cases, it is desirable to permit the client to communicate with only a first one of the two servers and to prevent direct contact between the client and the other of the two servers.
FIG. 1 is a block diagram of a networked computer system in which the foregoing general problem may arise. Client 102 is a computer device such as a workstation, server, router, or switch. Client 102 is coupled to network 104, which is an interconnected combination of computers, terminals, or peripherals used to provide communications between two or more points. A first server 106 and a second server 108 are coupled to network 104, logically separated from client 102. In one embodiment, client 102, network 104, and servers 106, 108 communicate using TCP/IP network protocols, and using HTTP protocol messages that comprise requests and responses. Such protocols are exemplary and not required.
Client 102 may communicate an HTTP request for a service to network 104. The request includes a name or other identifier of server 106, which client 102 expects to provide the requested service. Network 104 locates server 106 and routes the request to server 106, thereby establishing a logical connection 110 from client 102 to the server. Server 106 determines that it cannot provide the function or service solicited in the request, but that server 108 can provide the function or service. Accordingly, software elements in server 106 automatically divert or “redirect” the request to server 108 over a logical connection 112, which may physically travel through the network 104. Server 108 processes the request, generates a response message, and sends the response message back to client 102 over logical connection 114, which may pass through network 104.
In this scenario, when the client and the servers use HTTP, the response message may include a document formatted using a structured markup language, such as HTML. The HTML document may contain hyperlinks or other references to resources within server 108, or other servers or network elements. As a result, client 102 may select one of the hyperlinks or references, and thereby attempt to request a service of server 108 directly along connection 114. Server 106 would not be involved in processing such a request.
This result is undesirable in several circumstances. The server 106 may have been designated as authoritative for certain kinds of transactions. The server 106 may have redirected the original request to server 108 solely because server 106 cannot directly process the request, whereas server 108 can, but server 106 may need to remain in control of the overall transaction. For example, server 106 may have redirected the original request to server 108 just to carry out a specialized or subordinate task, although server 106 remains responsible for the total transaction or for presenting a consistent interface to the client 102.
Accordingly, there is a need in this field for a mechanism that allows a client request to be redirected from a first server to a second server, while keeping the first server in control of subsequent requests by the client for services of the second server.
In particular, there is a need for a mechanism that prevents the client from directly communicating with the second server even after the first server has redirected a request of the client to the second server.
There is a specific need in Internet protocol networks, such as Intranets or the Internet in which clients and servers use TCP/IP and HTTP, to force subsequent requests resulting from HTML generated by the second server to come back to the first server for further redirection.The present disclosure relates to patient support apparatuses—such as, but not limited to, beds, stretchers, cots, operating tables, and the like—and more particularly to patient support apparatuses that have at least one powered wheel to assist in the movement of the patient support apparatus over a floor.
Patient support apparatuses are used in hospitals, nursing homes, and other healthcare facilities for both supporting patients within a room or other location, as well as transporting patients between rooms and/or other locations. While most patient support apparatuses include one or more wheels that allow the support apparatus to be wheeled from the first location to the second location, the weight and bulk of the patient support apparatus—including the weight of the patient supported thereon, can make it difficult for a caregiver to manually wheel the support apparatus from one location to another. This can be especially difficult when there are inclines in the floors of the healthcare facility, or when there are long distances involved, or when the patient and/or the support apparatus are heavy. This difficulty can be further exacerbated when it is desirable to maneuver the patient support apparatus into, or through, areas with little excess clearance, such as in elevators, rooms, or corridors, or when turning the patient support apparatus around a corner, or steering it past obstacles.
In the past, powered patient support apparatuses have been provided that include a powered wheel that is driven by a motor positioned on the patient support apparatus. One such example is shown in U.S. Pat. No. 6,752,224 issued to Hopper et al. In prior powered support apparatuses, the powered wheel responds to controls issued by a caregiver. In some instances, the caregiver controls the powered wheel by one or more handles positioned at an end of the patient support apparatus. When the caregiver pushes forward on the handle, the powered wheel powers the support apparatus forward. Conversely, when the caregiver pulls back on the handle, the powered wheel brakes or moves backward. A load cell, a potentiometer, or some other type of sensor may be used to sense the forward/backward pushing of the caregiver.
Despite the assistance of the powered wheel, prior art powered patient support apparatuses can still be difficult to use, and/or suffer from other disadvantages.The potential benefits of enabling a user to modulate, suppress or control his appetite include decreasing a person's excess weight and, thereby potentially beneficially affecting all of the health problems associated therewith, as further discussed below. The same potential benefits apply to modulating or otherwise controlling a person's hunger, satiety level, satiation level, and degree of fullness.
Being obese, or overweight, is a condition that often results from an imbalance between food intake and caloric expenditure. Excessive weight increases the likelihood of several additional risks including cardiovascular complications (such as hypertension and hyperlipidemia), gallbladder disease, metabolic syndrome, cancer, polycystic ovary disease, pregnancy-related complications, arthritis-related complications and other orthopedic complications caused by stress on body joints. Obesity is also thought to be a primary cause of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) in many ethnicities.
In “Effect of Somatovisceral Reflexes and Selective Dermatomal Stimulation on Postcibal Antral Pressure Activity”, Camilleri et al., sustained somatic stimulation by a transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation (TENS) device was applied to the skin of human volunteers while simultaneously monitoring their upper gastrointestinal phasic pressure activity, extra-intestinal vasomotor indices, and plasma levels of putative humoral mediators of autonomic reflexes. Camilleri posits that “somatovisceral reflex alteration of gastric motility may also be elicited in humans . . . and suggests that a sustained somatic stimulus would also result in impaired antral phasic pressure response to a solid-liquid meal.” However, Camilleri's approach requires sustained painful somatic stimulation and, accordingly, from a compliance standpoint, is simply not a feasible therapeutic approach.
U.S. Pat. No. 7,200,443 discloses “electrode pads . . . situated proximate to the thoracic vertebrae and the preganglionic greater splanchnic nerve fibers of the spine to stimulate the postganglionic sympathetic nerve pathways innervating the stomach.” The electrode pads are “positioned at or near the top and bottom, respectively, of the thoracic spine”. Because the electrodes are placed on the spine, it is difficult for a person to place, activate, or maintain the TENS device on his own, reduces compliance, and is not practically sustainable as a therapy for people who are overweight.
Additionally such therapies require a medical professional to place the device and/or administer the therapy, including programming the device. The patient must visit the medical professional at the onset of treatment to have the device placed and then weekly thereafter to have the therapy administered and/or device programming modified. The requirement for such frequent doctor visits is inconvenient for most patients and can have a detrimental effect on patient compliance.
Additionally, such prior approaches using electrical, external stimulation to suppress appetite do not have a combination of the following characteristics effective to enable a patient to independently administer the device and accompanying therapies: wearability; administration by the patient; real-time or near real-time feedback from the patient (e.g. food intake, exercise, hunger) or from wearable devices, for example, a device, with physiological sensors, configured to be worn on the human body, such as around the wrist, in order to monitor, acquire, record, and/or transmit the physiological data; the ability to stimulate multiple times per day or week; daily, or on-demand, feedback from the device to the patient with respect to dietary compliance, exercise, calories burned; storage of stimulation parameters and other real-time inputs; and an electrical stimulation profile and a footprint conducive to long term wearability. In addition, prior art therapies which have some degree of flexibility include an electrode which must be tethered via cables to a control or power box. Prior art therapies which are wireless are typically bulky, inflexible, and not amenable to being worn for long periods of time.
Because successful weight loss is, in the end, a matter of achieving a high degree of compliance with a dietary regimen, it is absolutely critical for a successful device to go beyond mere appetite suppression and combine wearability, physical comfort, ease of use, and integration of numerous data sources to provide a holistic and real-time view into a person's dietary compliance, in addition to effectively modulating the individual's appetite, hunger, satiety level, satiation level, or fullness.
Therefore, there is a need for a low profile, long lasting electrical neuro-stimulation device which is programmable, and is effective to cause appetite or hunger control, modulation or suppression while minimizing any accompanying nausea, dyspepsia and habituation. There is also a need for a device that can effectively integrate appetite management data with conventional weight management information, such as caloric expenditure and consumption.
There is a need for an electrical neuro-stimulation device which is wearable and can be controlled, programmed, and self-administered by the patient, thereby enabling greater patient independence. There is also a need for an electrical neuro-stimulation device which includes real-time or near real-time feedback from patient parameters including, but not limited to, exercise, diet, hunger, appetite, well-being and which will be able to obtain real-time or near real-time feedback from other wearable devices, for example, a device, with physiological sensors, configured to be worn on the human body, such as around the wrist, in order to monitor, acquire, record, and/or transmit the physiological data, allowing for frequent adjustability and customization of therapy to suppress appetite and therefore treat conditions of obesity, over-weight, eating disorders, metabolic syndrome. There is a need for an electro-stimulation device configured to intelligently trigger and initiate stimulation automatically and without on-going management by a user. There is a need for an electrical neuro-stimulation device having the ability to stimulate multiple times per day or per week, accelerating treatment effect and efficacy. There is a need for an electrical neuro-stimulation device which provides daily feedback from the device to the patient on such parameters as dietary compliance, and calories burned.
In addition, there is a need for an electrical neuro-stimulation device capable of storing stimulation parameters and other real-time inputs, such as diary and exercise monitoring, to provide a physician and the patient with real-time records and treatment profiles. Inputs from the electrical neuro-stimulation device and from other sources of information, for example, a device, with physiological sensors, configured to be worn on the human body, such as around the wrist, in order to monitor, acquire, record, and/or transmit the physiological data would be stored.
There is also a need to allow physicians to be able to flexibly program an electrical neuro-stimulation device and still direct the patient, allowing the patient to adjust device parameters (for greater patient independence) but within restricted bounds or predetermined parameters.
There is also a need for an electrical neuro-stimulation device which targets appetite or hunger suppression, does not require implantation, and does not require wires or remote electrodes to provide stimulation. There is a need for an electrical neuro-stimulation device which is remotely programmable, yet wireless, can flex at any point along its body, is waterproof, and is configured for extended or permanent wearability. There is also a need for a patient-administered, wearable electrical neuro-stimulation device directed toward suppressing post-prandial glucose levels and effectively modulating a plurality of hormones and microbiota related to gastrointestinal functionality. There is a need for an electrical neuro-stimulation device having a size, shape, and weight, and being composed of materials that effectively allow the device to be wearable. Such a device would eliminate the need for stimulation parameters requiring large power needs (which would make wearability impractical or impossible). There is also a need for an electrical neuro-stimulation device which is controllable by a companion device (such as a smartphone) and includes no visible or tactile user interface on the stimulation device itself. There is a need for an electrical neuro-stimulation device having unique electrical stimulation and footprint, based on electrode design and stimulation parameters, which would allow users to comfortably wear the device.
There is also a need for a holistic approach to managing a patient's caloric consumption and expenditure profile. Conventional approaches focus on caloric intake but do not analyze, monitor, or otherwise gather data on the important precursor to caloric intake, namely appetite or hunger levels. There are untapped benefits to integrating data relating to the appetite, hunger and/or craving levels, active suppression or control over appetite, caloric intake, weight gain, and caloric expenditure. These and other benefits shall be described in relation to the detailed description and figures.The present invention relates to the art of internal combustion engines and, more particularly, to a method and apparatus for generating and delivering gaseous fuel vapor to the air induction passage of an internal combustion engine.
Many efforts have been made heretofore to provide apparatus and systems for generating gaseous vapor from a liquid fuel such as gasoline and operating an internal combustion engine with such gaseous vapor. The greatest advantage of a gaseous vapor operating engine would of course be fuel economy which is becoming progressively more important in light of present day petroleum fuel shortages. Generally, gaseous fuel vapor generating systems include a source of liquid fuel such as gasoline which is heated to produce gaseous vapor which is then delivered to the air induction passage of an internal combustion engine for mixture with air and combustion of the mixture in the cylinders of the engine to achieve operation thereof.
To the best of my knowledge, the systems and apparatus heretofore provided have not been commercially acceptable for a number of reasons including safety, reliability and/or efficiency of operation, and the size and/or complexity and production costs. More particularly in this respect, certain systems heretofore devised have been dual systems relying on liquid fuel for starting an engine and gaseous vapor for operating the engine after starting. Such a system is structurally complex and expensive to produce because of the dual nature thereof and, additionally, is less economical and efficient than desired because of the use of liquid fuel. Moreover, any burning of liquid fuel is undesirable from the standpoint of pollution. Systems have also been devised to operate internal combustion engines using gaseous vapor alone, but these systems require a waiting period during which sufficient fuel vapor is generated to start and operate the engine. Such initial vapor generation requires a source of heat separate from the internal combustion engine for heating the liquid gasoline, such a source being an electrical resistance heater for example from the vehicle battery. Accordingly, in addition to the time delay in connection with starting the engine, there is a danger associated with the use of such external heating means. Moreover, systems relying on exhaust line temperatures of the engine for heating the liquid fuel after the engine is started are likewise dangerous because of the spark content in exhaust gases. Still further, the systems heretofore provided have included electrically operated control valves, pumps and the like, again creating potential hazards with respect to spark ignition of the highly volatile fuel vapor. Furthermore, such component parts and the electrical circuitry therefore are expensive and the component parts do not lend to a compact unitary arrangement thereof but, rather, require excessive space for installation as well as physical separation from one another in mounting.In order for printers to operate effectively, they must be able to perform different tasks during a print cycle, such as picking up a sheet of paper, feeding it into the printer and expelling it after printing. To perform such tasks, printers generally have different motor-driven gear trains. For example, to pick up a sheet of paper, a printer may have one gear train that, when engaged, triggers a mechanism that can pick up the next sheet of paper. The printer would have another gear train to eject the sheet of paper after printing. Accordingly, printers generally include numerous gears and different gear trains.
Additionally, a printer may include a multiplexer to engage different gear trains. For example, the printer described in U.S. Pat. No. 4,728,963, naming Steve O. Rasmussen et al. as inventors, includes a multiplexer. In that printer, the multiplexer has three multiplexer gears. A different multiplexer gear is required for each different task that the printer can perform. Each multiplexer gear is engaged by moving a trigger. Different printer tasks are actuated by engaging different multiplexer gears.
A problem with printers having multiplexer gears and multiple gear trains is that numerous, complex and costly gear mechansims are required. This invention offers a printer capable of performing different tasks without requiring complex gear trains and multiplexer gears. In other words, the invented printer includes a carriage-actuated clutch that may be used to trigger different tasks. Thus, the invented printer may be manufactured much less expensively and with fewer parts than existing printers.
As stated, one task that a printer must perform is to pick a sheet of paper and feed it into the printer. To accomplish this a printer must have a paper-feed mechanism. One type of paper-feed mechanism, as described in U.S. Pat. No. 4,728,963, includes a spring-biased plate that articulates between raised and lowered positions. Paper is stacked on the plate and when a certain gear train is engaged, the plate is allowed to articulate to its raised position. In its raised position, drive rollers contact the top sheet on the stack and feed it into the printer. Thereafter, the gear train causes the plate to articulate to its lowered position. As stated, such a paper-feed mechanism may be triggered by a multiplexer and requires a separate multiplexer gear and a complex and costly gear train.
The invented printer includes a paper-feed mechanism that can be triggered by the same carriage-actuated clutch that may be used to trigger other functions. Additionally, the paper-feed mechanism of the invented printer does not require a gear train that causes the plate to articulate between raised and lowered positions. Thus, the invented printer includes a simpler and more economical paper-feed mechanism than is present in existing printers.Roofs at present are covered with many different materials, for example tiles and sheets. Tile roofs are attractive, and many private persons want the roofs of their own homes be covered with tiles. Tiles, however, are expensive, and moreover, the art field, i.e., the manufacture of roof tiles, is gradually ceasing to exist due to lack of profitability, factors which will result in a future shortage of roof tiles.
The tin (metal) roofs available prior to applicant's invention consist of flat sheets or of conventionally roll-formed sheets of different appearance, or of trapezoid corrugated sheets, and the like.
The present invention refers to a kind of sheet-tile roof, which means that the roofing consists of sheets, but has the appearance of tiles, and will be referred to hereinafter as tiles. The new sheet-tile roof is manufactured in large units which include a plurality of "tiles", so that several rows of tiles are obtained in both directions, vertically as well as in lateral direction. The large units then can be cut to desired sizes. The individual "tile" in the large unit, besides, can be manufactured in different sizes (modules) according to desire. This new roofing is cheaper to manufacture and cheaper to lay (mount) on the roof than a conventional clay or ceramic tile roof. It has the look, besides, of a usual tile roof and, therefore, the new roofing also is attractive to many people. The new roofing also is attractive compared with conventional roofing of sheet material, because of the appearance of a clay tile roof. The new roofing, besides, has economically advantageous aspects in production, shipping, storage and installation.
My co-pending application Ser. No. 219,831 discloses a roofing, the appearance of which resembles that of a clay tile roofing. The method of manufacturing such roofing which also is described in said patent specification is characterized substantially in that a flat sheet in a first step is preformed by roll-forming, so that the sheet by a first cross forming operation is provided with a contour perpendicularly to its surface extension which in cross-section is a curved, or multi-wave shape, e.g., a sinus-shaped section. In a second step the preformed sheet is provided with stepped jags of a certain step height by some kind of stretch-pressing operation, at which a special pressing tool is used. The basic pressing tool comprises two pairs of tools, which are movable individually relative to each other in a direction perpendicular to the surface extension of the sheet. At the forming of the step-like jag the preformed sheet is held down, retained, by each pair of tools in a clamping condition, i.e., in a blankholding condition, whereafter the tool pairs are moved relative to each other through a distance corresponding to the step height, so that the sheet by the second forming operation perpendicularly to its surface extension and to said first cut is given a step-formed section.
The tools then are separated from each other, and the sheet is advanced through a predetermined distance. Thereafter the next step is formed, and so on.
The result thereof is a sheet having a form corresponding to a portion of a clay tile roof.
The method referred to above, however, involves problems, viz. that the distance between two subsequent jags, i.e. a distance corresponding to the length of a tile, is difficult to control. Furthermore, uncontrolled wrinkling and/or tearing occurring in connection with making the jag is difficult to avoid. These problems emanate from difficulties in controlling and guiding the movements of the sheet relative to the tool surfaces of the tool pairs. This in its turn depends on the clamping force with which the two respective tool pairs are held against the sheet.1. Field of the Invention
This invention relates to thermoelectric devices. Particularly, this invention relates to interfacing materials for thermoelectric materials in thermoelectric power generation devices, particularly those using Zintl, e.g. Yb14MnSb11 (YMS) and skutterudite.
2. Description of the Related Art
Thermoelectric materials exhibit the property of producing an electric voltage from an applied temperature differential across the material, the so-called thermoelectric effect or Seebeck effect. Accordingly, such materials may be used in thermoelectric devices to generate electrical power from a temperature differential. Such thermoelectric generators have been used to convert heat directly to electrical power for applications including isolated facilities or space applications. Depending upon the application, the applied heat may be naturally available or generated, e.g. by burning fuel or from a decaying radioisotope.
As mentioned, thermoelectric materials are known to provide a means for directly converting heat into electrical energy in a fully solid state device. Due to the nature of thermoelectric materials, power generating devices require a pairing of two different materials, typically comprised of highly doped narrow band gap semiconductors (one with an excess of n-type charge carriers, the other with an excess of p-type carriers) connected in a junction.
Prior art thermoelectric devices have featured materials such as silicon germanium, lead telluride, bismuth telluride or other related materials. To achieve greater device efficiency and greater specific power, however, new thermoelectric materials, are required in more complex combinations. One suitable material is found in the class of Zintl materials, particularly the compound p-type semiconductor Yb14MnSb11 (YMS), which has been demonstrated to have one of the highest zT values at 1000° C., a typical operational temperature of space-based radioisotope thermoelectric generators (RTGs).
For example, some thermoelectric power generation for deep space applications have employed SiGe thermoelectric materials generating electric power using a decaying radioisotope, e.g. plutonium 238, as a heat source, in an RTG. The fuel source and solid state nature of the devices afford exceptional service life and reliability, paramount considerations in space applications which offset the relatively low efficiency of such devices. Many working RTG devices for space applications have been developed and successfully employed. See e.g. Winter et al., “The Design of a Nuclear Power Supply with a 50 Year Life Expectancy: The JPL Voyager's SiGe MHW RTG,” IEEE AES Systems Magazine, April 2000, pp. 5-12; and U.S. Pat. No. 3,822,152, issued Jul. 2, 1974 to Kot, which are incorporated by reference herein.
Recent focus on renewable energy and increased energy efficiency has resulted in increased interest in thermoelectric materials and devices for applications such as automotive and industrial waste heat recovery. Zintl materials in particular have been studied for thermoelectric applications. A particular Zintl compound, Yb14MnSb11, has shown exceptional promise for thermoelectric power generation applications. See e.g. Brown et al., “Yb14MnSb11: New High Efficiency Thermoelectric Materials for Power Generation,” Chem. Mater., 18, 2006, 1873-1877, which is incorporated by reference herein. However, defining the properties of a particular material are only a first step in the development of a practical thermoelectric power generation device using that material.
SiGe has been well studied as a thermoelectric material as a result of previous RTG development. See e.g., Rowe, “Recent Advanced in Silicon-Germanium Alloy Technology and an Assessment of the Problems of Building the Modules for a Radioisotope Thermoelectric Generator,” Journal of Power Sources, 19 (1987), pp. 247-259; and “Silicon Germanium Thermoelectric Materials and Module Development Program,” ALO (2510)-T1, AEC Research and Development Rep, Cat. UC33, TID 4500, which are incorporated by reference herein. However, although the general configurations of previously developed SiGe thermoelectric power generation devices may be applicable, there are differences in the physical properties of Zintl materials and SiGe that demand new solutions in the development of a practical thermoelectric power generation devices using Zintl materials; the solutions for SiGe thermoelectric materials cannot be readily applied to Zintl thermoelectric materials.
To achieve high thermal-to-electric energy conversion efficiency (“Carnot” efficiency) operating across large temperature differentials is required. When using solid state thermoelectric devices for power generation using high grade heat sources, best conversion efficiencies are achieved by combining the highest performance materials in their respective optimum operating temperature ranges into multi-stage cascaded or segmented device architectures. Such segmented architectures have been used primarily for long life thermoelectric generators on board space science and exploration missions, operating across temperature differentials in excess of 700 K with maximum hot side operating temperatures of up to 1273 K.
Next generation high temperature thermoelectric power generating devices will employ segmented architectures and will have to reliably withstand thermally induced mechanical stresses produced during component fabrication, device assembly and operation. Thermoelectric materials have typically poor mechanical strength, can exhibit brittle behavior, and possess a wide range of coefficient of thermal expansion (CTE) values. As a result, the direct bonding at elevated temperatures of these materials to each other to produce segmented leg components is difficult and often results in localized microcracking at interfaces and mechanical failure due to the stresses that arise from CTE mismatch between the various materials. Even in the absence of full mechanical failure, the degraded interfaces can lead to increased electrical and thermal resistances which adversely impact conversion efficiency and power output.
For example, cracking can occur in a segmented p-type thermoelectric leg made of high CTE (e.g. approximately 18 ppm) Yb14MnSb11 Zintl material (high temperature segment) bonded to an intermediate CTE (e.g. approximately 13 ppm) CefFe4-xCoxSb12 skutterudite material (low temperature segment) using a direct brazing method on pre-metallized thermoelectric material segments. In one test a large crack has been observed post fabrication in the Zintl segment, presumed to have occurred as a consequence of the bonding process.
In view of the foregoing, there is a need in the art for apparatuses and methods for mechanically compliant interface materials, particularly to accommodate induced stresses from very high temperature gradients, e.g. above 700 K. There is a need for such apparatuses and methods to have high thermal and electrical conductivity. In addition, there is a particular need for such apparatuses and method to operate with Zintl thermoelectric materials such as Yb14MnSb11. There is also a need for such apparatuses and methods in Zintl-based thermoelectric devices operating at high temperatures, e.g. around or above 1,000 K and up to 1273 K. There is a need for such apparatuses and methods to operate for such thermoelectric devices in space applications. These and other needs are met by embodiments of the present invention as detailed hereafter.Wireless communication was traditionally based on the idea of enabling voice communication to and from a mobile terminal residing in the coverage of a mobile communication network. The communication channel was established over circuit-switched technology. However, a packet-switched technology was later introduced for improving the efficiency in utilization of the capacity of a mobile communication network. As the data is delivered in packets between the parties there is no need to reserve the whole communication channel for a specific connection. Additionally, some other benefits may be achieved with packet-switched technology, such as those relating to error correction.
The packet-switched technology also enabled a whole range of new services. One reason is that wide range of enterprise and commercial applications are based on IP (Internet Protocol) and thus they can be almost directly imported into the mobile terminals residing in the packet-switched mobile communication network. Examples of such services are so called IP (Internet Protocol) messaging and other communication related to services such as SIP (Session Initiation Protocol), IMS (IP Multimedia Subsystem) and RCS (Rich Communication Suite).
On the other hand, since the services as described above have been adopted by the users of mobile terminals it has brought out another challenge. Namely, the use of the services causes a lot of traffic in a mobile communication network. For example, a presence service by means of which a user can deliver e.g. his/her status information to other parties is very popular. The provision of the presence service is carried out with so called presence server or presence proxy which may be configured to maintain status information of the users or a group of users or relay the information between user terminals. The status information of a user maintained in the presence server is visible for at least limited group of other users. In the case of a presence proxy the information is not stored in the proxy but instead it controls the presence traffic flowing between the terminals and controls it. The visibility may be controlled by the user through an application installed in the mobile terminal of the user. As can be directly seen the updates with respect to users' status may cause challenges for the network as well as the presence server or presence proxy due to the amount of traffic, especially when taking into account the traffic caused by other services.
There has been developed some methods to control the traffic caused by presence services. For example, document U.S. Pat. No. 8,078,191 B2 discloses a proposal for reducing network traffic in the context of presence services. One idea is to postpone the delivery of status updates by a network node until a client especially requests for updates. Alternatively, the network node may accumulate the changes and deliver the presence updates when the final state for each presence attribute is received. This relates to a solution in which there are multiple attributes with respect to the presence information.
However, the known solutions are not widely in use. Typically the known solutions provide only a partial solution i.e. the solution is only for the mobile terminal or the network side. Additionally, the solutions are not implemented by mobile terminal vendors or deployed by telecom operators for one reason or another. Generally speaking none of the known solutions take into account the changes in the network environment. More specifically, the status of the client terminal or the congestion of the network is not anyhow taken into account in the known solutions.In optical communication systems optical fiber cables are typically coupled to an opto-electronic transceiver which is in turn coupled to a substrate, such as a circuit board. Such a transceiver typically includes a housing with opto-electronic elements, an array of contacts to be coupled to associated contacts on the substrate, and an optical contact unit configured to connect to a complementary optical cable connector.
Such transceivers can be coupled to a substrate by means of a socket holding the transceiver. In some cases the socket may comprise an interposer, which is a board with a lower side presenting an array of contacts, typically a ball grid array (BGA), to be connected to contacts on the substrate, and a top side similarly provided with an array of contacts, generally of a different type, to be connected to contacts at the lower side of the transceiver. To obtain high quality signal transfer, the contacts should be clean and the pressure on the contacts by the transceiver should be substantially equal for all contacts.
In the transceiver heat is generated which should be dissipated as much as possible in order to prevent failure. For that reason it is desirable to maximize outer surface area of the transceiver module.
The transceiver in such an LGA configuration should preferably be held in the socket in a releasable manner, e.g., to enable replacement of the transceiver in case of failure. To this end release mechanisms can be used, but such release mechanism typically require finger space for accessibility and actuation by a user. This limits the maximum number of sockets which could be placed per unit area. Moreover, the release mechanisms typically interrupt top and/or side faces of the board connector, thereby reducing heat dissipation surface.
It is an object of the invention to provide a system for connecting a transceiver to a socket reducing the risk of signal transfer failures due to contamination of the contacts or due to uneven contacting pressure. It is a further object to provide a releasable connection without requiring extra space for manual actuation. It is a further object to provide a release mechanism leaving a larger area for heat dissipation.1. Field of the Invention
The present invention generally relates to a lamp unit adapted to be disposed above a front fender for overhanging a motorcycle front wheel and, more particularly, to the lamp unit of a design in which a lens member covering at least head lamps can provide varying, but appealing designs one at a time when viewed from front or slantwise from front, depending on the direction of travel of imagewise rays of light reflected from the fender.
2. Description of the Prior Art
As is well known to those skilled in the art, most of the conventional motorcycles have a front fairing or cowling mounted on a front portion thereof. A lamp unit is mounted in the front fairing. The lamp unit encases therein at least one head lamp for illuminating forwardly of the motorcycle and at least one position lamp adapted to be lit during the dusk or parking to provide an indication of the motorcycle to the oncoming vehicles, and is available in two types; a single lamp design having a single lens member disposed at a position intermediate of the width of the motorcycle, and a dual lamp design having left and right lens members one for each of left and right head lamps. The single lamp design and the dual lamp design have their own unique appearances and can therefore provide different impressions.FIFO storages are well known in the art of electronic circuits and computers and are widely used for embodying interfacing circuits in many different applications.
They are particularly widely used, but not exclusively, in the field of image and video processing.
FIG. 1 reminds the general architecture of an interfacing circuit based on a FIFO memory which allows the transfer of data (such as audio samples or picture elements) FROM a “data producer device” 100 (such as audio or image sensor) via a lead 99 or we can consider that data are already available in a memory 150, TO, a “data consumer device” 299 (like a signal processor device for audio, video or image). The circuit comprises an interface 120 receiving data from memory 150 via a data bus 151. The interface 120 is used for proper formatting operation of the data before it is forwarded to a FIFO 100 through a data bus 101. The reading of the FIFO is controlled by the “data consumer device” 299 represented by an external circuit (image or audio signal processor) by means of a ENABLE lead 113 and a CLK_RD clock signal lead 112. On the other side, the writing of the FIFO by the “data producer” 100 is controlled by a (inverted) WR signal 103 under the clocking of a WR signal conveyed by a lead 102. Two additional FIFO_FULL and FIFO_empty signals, respectively on leads 121 and 122, are used for respectively reporting a situation of full storage and empty storage to the “data producer” 100 and “data consumer devices” 299.
The circuit which is represented in FIG. 1 is a typical example of a set of well known circuits and, therefore, does not need to elaborate any further introduction nor development to a skilled man.
Briefly, it suffices to recall that such circuit is widely used for achieving many different interfaces, such as image and video interface such as camera interface circuits.
However, one may recall the general trend to an increase of the resolution of image sensors which lead to a significant volume of data to be transferred between the sensors/memory to the video or image interface circuits.
This drastic increase in the volume of data clearly generates a significant pressure on the FIFO circuits which have to operate at very high speed clocks.
The continuous trend to higher speeds might result the designer to proceed with a new redesign of the analog interface and therefore the interfacing circuits comprising the FIFO. Such redesign would inevitably results in higher manufacturing costs which is not desirable.
Alternatively, one may wish to improve the design of the conventional FIFO based interfacing card so as to increase the efficiency even without increasing the frequency of the clocking circuits.
Such is the technical problem to be solved by the present invention.1. Field of the Invention
The invention relates in general to a diffusion plate of a backlight structure and a display device using the same, and more particularly to a diffusion plate of a backlight structure capable of uniformizing light and a display device using the same.
2. Description of the Related Art
Owing to the progress in the technology of liquid crystal displays (LCDs), and the advantages of LCDs, such as light weight, small volume, lower energy consumption and low radiation, the LCDs are widely applied to all kinds of electronic products, like personal digital assistants (PDAs), notebooks, digital cameras, mobile phones, computer screens and liquid crystal televisions. Furthermore, researches are carried out enthusiastically, and large-scale facilities are used to manufacture the LCDs in the industry, such that the quality of the LCDs is improved, and the cost is lowered. Consequently, the application field of the LCDs expands rapidly. However, the liquid crystal display panel in an LCD is non-self-luminous, and therefore the backlight module is needed for providing light in order to display images. Generally, a cold cathode fluorescent lamp (CCFL) or a light emitting diode (LED) is the most common light source in the backlight module. Due to the advantages of the light emitting diode, e.g. low electricity consumption and high brightness, the backlight module with the light emitting diode as the light source has become an important research and development subject.
However, the light emitting diode is a point light source, hence a phenomenon called line-mura would easily occur between the light emitting diodes in the backlight module, that is, the brightness of the light provided by the backlight module is not uniform. Generally, to reduce line-mura is to decrease the distance between the light emitting diodes. As a result, the number of the light emitting diodes increases significantly, and the cost of the LCD increases accordingly.
There are several backlight modules for uniformizing light in the prior art. In US Patent Publication Number 20060002148 published on Jan. 5, 2006, an optical member, a backlight assembly having the optical member and a display apparatus having the backlight assembly are disclosed. The optical member includes several luminance uniformity enhancing members. A recessed surface and a light reflecting layer of each luminance uniformity enhancing member are used for uniformizing light. However, the light has been reflected a number of times before passing through a light guide plate, and then finally enters the display panel to display images. In this manner, the brightness of light provided by the backlight assembly is reduced.In using electronic devices such as cable boxes and cable modems, it is sometimes desired to connect such devices to televisions, digital video disc playback devices, digital video recorders, personal computers, or other sources of electronic signals. Typically, a coaxial cable supplied by a cable service company penetrates a wall in the user's premises and is distributed to one or more locations within the home through the use of additional coaxial cable segments typically referred to as jumper cables. The jumper cable is terminated near the location of the television, cable box, cable modem or digital phone. Each end of a jumper has a coaxial cable connector installed thereon. A common interface for the coaxial cable connector is an internally threaded rotatable nut. The connector threads onto an externally threaded port on the cable box, cable modem, or other device. Other devices may be connected to the cable box or cable modem using similarly configured coaxial cable jumpers and connectors.
Conventional coaxial cable typically contains a centrally located electrical conductor surrounded by and spaced inwardly from an outer cylindrical braided conductor or sheath. The center and braid conductors are separated by a foil and an insulator core, with the braid being encased within a protective outer jacket.
A first end of a conventional coaxial cable typically includes an inner cylindrical post adapted to be inserted into a suitably prepared end of the cable between the foil and the outer braid conductor, an end portion of the latter having been exposed and folded back over the protective jacket. The center conductor, the insulator core, and the foil thus form a central core portion of the cable received axially in the inner post, whereas the outer braided conductor and protective jacket comprise an outer portion of the cable surrounding the inner post. The conventional coaxial cable end connector further includes a connector body and/or compression member designed to coact with the inner post to securely and sealingly clamp the outer portion of the cable therebetween. The clamping to the jumper cable may be carried out by crimping, swaging or radial compression of connector body or compression sleeve by use of special tools adapted to mate with these components.
The second end of the connector typically includes an internally threaded nut rotatably secured to the connector body. The nut may be secured to a corresponding threaded port on the cable box, television, or other electronic device. The nut may be tightened using an appropriately sized wrench. To establish a reliable connection between the connector and the port, the nut must be threadedly advanced until a flange on the end of the post contacts then end face of the port.
One drawback to this tightening approach is that often space is very limited in the back of the electronic device and there is inadequate room for a wrench. For example, the cable box or television may be located within an entertainment console and access to port on the equipment may be limited. Or, access to a television housed in an entertainment console may be limited because the television may be too large or heavy to be moved.
Another drawback is that the person making the connection may be unaware of the proper method of establishing a reliable connection. In some instances, particularly when a wrench is unavailable, the user may cease hand-tightening after one or two turns. Although such a loose connection may provide adequate video signal, data transmission may be severely hampered or break down completely. Data transmission problems may affect voice over internet protocol (VOIP), for example.1. Field of the Invention
Applicant's invention relates to suspension systems and, more specifically, to a novel front wheel suspension fork for motorcycles or bicycles.
2. Background Information
Presently, motorcycle suspensions are of two general types called the conventional type or the inverted type. Conventional type suspensions consist of a damping mechanism--for example, a combination spring, rod, and hydraulic assembly--encased in two hollow cylinders that telescope into each other. The two hollow cylinders are of different diameters so that one cylinder telescopes snugly into the other. The primary damping mechanism--the receiving tube and valving assembly--is placed in the cylinder with the larger diameter and is located at the bottom of the suspension so that shocks transferred from the wheel to the suspension can be immediately damped before traveling to the hands of the rider. Any remaining compression force not absorbed by the damping mechanism are transmitted through the rod to the hands of the rider. In actual practice, conventional suspensions are suited for absorbing small bumps and tend to bottom out on large bumps. Furthermore, these conventional suspensions tend to deform under large stresses, causing the entire suspension to flex, thus decreasing its efficiency to absorb shocks. Inverted suspensions also consist of a damping mechanism encased into two hollow cylinders. As with conventional suspensions, the primary damping mechanism is located in the lower cylinder. However, unlike the conventional suspension, this lower cylinder is the cylinder with the smaller diameter. In fact, an observer can easily distinguish a conventional suspension from an inverted suspension because, in a conventional suspension, the cylinder having the larger diameter is attached to the wheel axis while in an inverted suspension, the cylinder having the smaller diameter is attached to the wheel axis. This configuration-one with the cylinder having a smaller diameter at the bottom and the cylinder having a larger diameter at the top causes the suspension to be rigid and stiff due to the increased length and increased stiffness of the upper cylinder. This increased rigidity solves the deformation problem encountered in conventional forks. In practice, the inverted suspension design is not ideal because it can only damp out large bumps while allowing smaller vibrations to travel from the wheel to the rider's hands, making the ride uncomfortable.
The damping mechanism in today's shock absorbers comprises a rod and a receiving tube--i.e., one telescoping part--along with two hydraulic valving assemblies. One hydraulic valving assembly--the upper hydraulic valving assembly--is located on the portion of the rod permanently located inside the receiving tube. The other hydraulic valving assembly--the lower hydraulic valving assembly--is located near the bottom and inside of the receiving tube. Small orifices are located near the bottom of the receiving tube, just below the lower hydraulic valving assembly.
The entire damping mechanism, along with a coil spring encircled around the damping mechanism, is attached to and placed inside of the hollow cylinders and partially immersed with hydraulic fluid. The coil spring is also attached to the hollow cylinders. Through the small orifices, the hydraulic fluid seeps into the receiving tube, completely filling the inner cavity of the receiving tube.
When a compression force is applied to the damping mechanism, the receiving tube is forced into the rod; the mass of the rod displaces the hydraulic fluid from the inner cavity of the receiving tube; and the hydraulic fluid flows past both the upper and the lower hydraulic valving assemblies, with the portion flowing past the lower hydraulic valving assembly being expelled out of the receiving tube through the orifices at the bottom of the receiving tube. Both the top and the bottom hydraulic valving assemblies control the speed by which the hydraulic fluid pass through them, thereby controlling the damping rate.
As the external force pushes the receiving tube into the rod, the coil spring is also compressed. When the external force can push the receiving tube into the rod no further, the spring coil returns the rod and receiving tube back to their rest positions. As the rod exits the receiving tube, hydraulic fluid can either pass though the upper hydraulic valving assembly or can enter through the orifices and pass through the lower hydraulic valving assembly and refill the inner cavity of the receiving tube. The suspension is now ready to damp another road bump.
While the above described damping mechanism--i.e. one with a single telescoping part--works well against an individual compression force, it gradually loses its effect when damping compression forces of different magnitudes occurring in quick succession of each other. Because the spring may not have time to return the receiving tube to its rest position before another compression force pushes the receiving tube further into the rod, the above described damping mechanism tends to lose its effect and may even bottom out when damping rapidly successive compressions. This problem becomes especially pronounced when the mechanism must damp out both small and large compression forces in quick succession of each other.
Some motorcycle riders ride their motorcycles strictly on well paved roads where bumps are typically small and separated by lengthy stretches of road, and thus the suspension systems presently available readily satisfy their needs. However, other riders--especially dirt bike riders--tend to encounter both large and small bumps in rapid succession of each other. With today's shock absorbers, which are specifically designed to absorb either large bumps or small bumps but not both, dirt bike riders must choose to either endure small vibrations throughout the entire ride or risk bottoming out the motorcycle suspension when going over large bumps. Furthermore, today's shock absorbers work poorly when damping bumps that occur in quick succession of each other. Inventors have tried to solve the above problem without success.
U.S. Pat. No. 2,475,774 to Benson discloses an inverted suspension that uses both a light spring and a heavy spring to absorb shocks. The light spring is attached to the heavy spring and together they form the primary damping mechanism of this invention. The light spring is to be used to damp small shocks, while the heavy spring is to be used to damp large shocks. However, only one telescoping rod and one receiving tube--i.e. one telescoping part--is used for this invention. Thus, although this invention may be able to absorb both large and small shocks, it is not effective when such shocks come in quick succession of each other.
U.S. Pat. No. 4,511,156 to Offenstadt discloses of a motorcycle suspension system having an anti-skid breaking mechanism. Because this invention uses a shock absorbing mechanism having only one telescoping part, it cannot adequately absorb shocks that arrive in quick succession of each other or damp out both small and large shocks.
U.S. Pat. No. 4,561,669 to Simons discloses another inverted suspension. This invention provides a lightweight, highly rigid fork with low friction, high quality damping characteristics and no axle overhang. One spring is found throughout the entire inner length of the suspension. However, since damping is still achieved with one telescoping part, this invention cannot adequately absorb both large and small shocks, whether or not they appear in quick succession of each other.
U.S. Pat. No. 5,209,138 to Shu discloses a handlebar assembly for bicycles. This invention prevents the rod from rotating relative to the shank, thereby allowing only up and down motion and preventing any twisting motion. Again, this invention has only one telescoping part and therefore is not able to absorb shocks that come in quick succession of each other.
U.S. Pat. No. 5,398,954 to Chonan discloses a wheel suspension type front fork and a method of manufacturing the same. The advantage of this invention over the prior art is that this invention can be manufactured without a metal mold and cutting work. This invention does not provide a method for absorbing both large and small shocks.
U.S. Pat. No. 5,427,397 is again issued to Chonan. This patent discloses a wheel suspension type front fork that eliminates the need of a rebound absorption mechanism by securing the upper end of the spring coil to the lower end of the receiving tube and the lower end of the spring coil to the upper end of the sliding tube (the tube enclosing the spring), thereby preventing the receiving tube, the spring coil, and the sliding tube from springing apart from the rebounding force of the compressed spring coil. This invention uses conventional shock absorbers having only one telescoping part and therefore is not designed to absorb both large and small shocks.
U.S. Pat. No. 5,478,099 issued to Kawahara discloses a bicycle wheel fork assembly that telescopes from one side only. The advantage of this invention over other front fork assemblies is that the stiffness of the shocks in both the contraction and the expansion parts of the shock absorption cycle can be adjusted by placing a contraction adjuster on one fork, an expansion adjuster on the other fork, and a cross member that connecting the two forks. Although this invention allows the stiffness of the shocks to be adjusted and thus allows better shock absorption, it does not allow both large and small shocks to be absorbed at the same time. Furthermore, since this invention uses a damping mechanism that telescopes from one side only, it also cannot satisfactorily absorb shocks that come in quick succession of each other. Thus, this invention does not provide an adequate solution to the present problem.Regarding a hand-held power tool, a cordless impact tool that is driven by the electric energy accumulated in a battery is widely used. In the impact tool where a tip tool such as a drill or a driver is rotationally driven by a motor to thus perform a required operation, the battery is used to drive a brushless DC motor, as disclosed in PTL 1, for example. The brushless DC motor refers to a DC (direct current) motor that has no brush (brush for rectification). The brushless DC motor employs a coil (winding) at a rotor-side and a permanent magnet at a stator-side and has a configuration where power driven by an inverter is sequentially energized to a predetermined coil to thus rotate the rotor. The brushless DC motor has higher efficiency than a motor having a brush and can obtain a high output while using a rechargeable secondary battery. Also, since the brushless DC motor includes a circuit on which a switching element for rotationally driving the motor is mounted, it is easy to achieve an advanced rotation control of the motor by an electronic control.
The brushless DC motor includes a rotor having a permanent magnet and a stator having multiple-phase armature windings (stator windings) such as three-phase windings. In the brushless DC motor, a position detection element configured by a plurality of Hall ICs configured to detect a position of the rotor by detecting a magnetic force of the permanent magnet of the rotor and an inverter circuit configured to drive the rotor by switching a direct current voltage supplied from a battery pack and the like with semiconductor switching elements such as FET (Field Effect Transistor) or IGBT (Insulated Gate Bipolar Transistor) and changing energization to the stator winding of each phase are used. The inverter circuit is configured to be controlled by a microcomputer and to set energization timing of the armature winding of each phase on the basis of position detection results of the rotor by the position detection elements such as Hall ICs.The present invention relates generally to apparatus for lifting machinery and more particularly relates to safety lift apparatus for portable grain elevators.
Portable grain elevators have been used for many years as a convenient mechanism for transferring grain from near ground level to the tops of graineries for filling grain bins therein. Until recently, most grain bins were not very high, and elevators for elevating the grain into those bins were of a managable size. Consequently, a totally manual lift mechanism was satisfactory for raising the rear end of an elevator from a storage and transfer position near the ground to a position high above the ground over the top of a grain bin. A conventional manual lift mechanism for raising the rear end of the elevator included a pivotal attachment of the lower end of an elevator to a stationary carriage assembly and a strut pivotally attached to the stationary carriage assembly and extending into longitudinally movable contact with the elevator. A cable was connected to the strut on one end and onto a manually operated winch on the other end. By manually operating the winch to wind the cable around a reel, the strut was drawn longitudinally forwardly along the elevator resulting in raising the rear end of the elevator to the desired height.
In recent years, the use of much larger and higher grain bins plus the desire for grain elevators having much larger grain carrying capacities has resulted in the demand for significantly larger grain elevators which are both much longer and much larger and heavier than the elevators common in years past. Once set up, these longer and larger elevators are capable of transferring grain into higher bins at considerably increased rates; however, they are much more cumbersome and difficult to manipulate, position and set up. Therefore, it is desirable to utilize a power lift mechanism for raising the rear end of an elevator to the desired height over a grain bin, and it is preferable that such mechanism be operable from the seat of a tractor or other vehicle to which the elevator is attached so that it can be simultaneously raised and moved backward into position over the grain bin. Indeed, some persons skilled in the art have substituted hydraulically powered winches on the ends of the lift cables in place of the conventional manual winches for raising elevators.
These powered systems, while basically accomplishing the purpose of making it more convenient to raise the elevator to the desired height, have also resulted in some significant problems. For example, the power lift can be a safety hazard if operated by inexperienced or inattentive persons who allow the mechanism to lift the elevator to unsafe heights. The structure of the carriage and lift apparatus of most elevators is such that if the lift apparatus is allowed to travel too far, the center of gravity of the elevator may become positioned to the rear of the supporting apparatus causing the elevator to topple with the rear end falling to the ground from a considerable height while the front end suddenly vaults high into the air. Such a situation can occur without warning and can cause severe injury to persons near the elevator and severe structural damage to the elevator itself.
Also, because the grain bins for which such elevators are commonly used are quite high and the elevators become somewhat more unstable when raised to such heights, it is common practice, once the elevator is in position over the grain bin, to tie the upper end of the elevator to the top of the grain bin to anchor it to prevent it from tipping in case of high winds or other adverse conditions. Such a tie-down anchor, while being a considerable safety advantage to keep the elevator from tipping, also resists further raising of the rear end of the elevator. Therefore, if the operator should attempt to raise the elevator, for example, to remove the down spout of the elevator from the filler hatch on top of the bin, but forgets to unfasten the anchoring tie-down, severe structural damage could occur to both the elevator and the bin and could result in the elevator collapsing and injuring persons in the vicinity. While such an eventuality is unlikely with a manually operated winch because the operator could feel the resistance of the anchoring cable, it could quite easily happen with a powered winch. Consequently, the safety concern of most manufacturers as well as governmental regulations have generally inhibited the wide spread use of the more convenient power lift mechanisms on large elevators.
Another problem which has arisen from elevators equipped with power lift mechanisms is that while it is generally contemplated that a necessary power source such as a tractor with a hydraulic system for those mechanisms powered by hydraulic fluid will be available when the elevator is used, there are occcasions in which a tractor with a hydraulic system is unavailable. Yet the operator may desire to operate the elevator with another vehicle such as a jeep or tractor which does not have the appropriate power source necessary to raise the elevator. In these circumstances, it is very desirable to be able to alternatively raise the elevator with manual means even though such manual raising means may not be as convenient as the powered lift means.The present invention is related to an electrolyte solution for anodizing aluminum anode foil for use in electrolytic capacitors and the capacitors containing this anode foil.
We have found that low water content variations of the glycerine and orthophosphate-containing electrolytes described in U.S. Pat. No. 6,409,905, which is incorporated herein by reference thereto, may be used for the anodization of aluminum foil to voltages sufficiently high to facilitate the use of the aforementioned foil in intermediate and high voltage electrolytic capacitors.
Previously, the maximum anodizing voltage obtainable from the aqueous phosphate solutions traditionally used to anodize aluminum capacitor foil for applications requiring extreme foil stability and oxide hydration resistance was about 220 volts, as stated in U.S. Pat. No. 3,733,291. The corrosion of the foil being anodized in aqueous phosphate solutions increases with the anodizing voltage and is sufficiently severe to result in dielectric failure above about 220 volts. The corrosion by-products formed during aluminum foil anodizing in aqueous phosphate solutions must be removed from the solution via filtering, etc., or they will deposit upon the foil and anodizing tank components in amounts sufficient to interfere with the anodizing process.
The difficulties encountered with aqueous phosphate anodizing of aluminum foil for use in relatively low voltage capacitors are such that, in spite of the superior electrical stability of foil anodized in phosphate solutions nearly all of the low voltage foil produced today is anodized in non-phosphate solutions with the exception of a relatively small amount of phosphate which may be present to help impart hydration resistance. Due to the voltage limitations of aqueous phosphate anodizing solutions mentioned above, intermediate and high voltage capacitor foils have not traditionally been anodized in aqueous phosphate solutions.
Aluminum electrolytic capacitors for use at intermediate voltages typically contain anode foil hydrated by passing the foil through a hot water bath prior to anodizing, as defined in U.S. Pat. No. 4,582,574. These capacitors are typically for use at voltages from 150 to 250 volts and contain anode foil anodized to about 200 to 350 volts. This pre-anodizing hydration step is carried out in order to reduce the amount of electric current required to form the anodic oxide dielectric layer and is normally applied to foils to be anodized to 200 volts and above, as described in U.S. Pat. No. 4,481,073. By carefully adjusting the parameters of the pre-anodizing hydration process, as described in U.S. Pat. No. 4,242,575, the hydration process may be successfully employed with foils which are anodized to voltages significantly less than 200 volts. The energy savings associated with the pre-anodizing hydration process is sufficiently great that the vast majority of aluminum foil manufactured today is processed in this manner.
The crystallinity of the anodic oxide present on aluminum anode foil is another factor directly determining the cost of the foil for a given rating of capacitor. Crystalline anodic aluminum oxide has a higher withstanding voltage per unit thickness than does amorphous anodic aluminum oxide. As a result of the higher withstanding voltage of crystalline oxide, only about 10 angstroms of crystalline oxide is required to support each volt of applied field during anodizing as compared with approximately 14 angstroms for each volt of applied field for amorphous oxide. As a result of the higher withstanding voltage of crystalline anodic aluminum oxide, the capacitance of anode foil coated with crystalline oxide may be as much as about 40% higher than anode foil anodized to the same voltage but coated with amorphous oxide.
Crystalline anodic aluminum oxide may be readily produced by anodizing aluminum anode foil in solutions containing salts of dicarboxylic acids as the primary ionogen, as described in U.S. Pat. No. 4,481,084. Anodic oxide formation in solutions of dicarboxylic acid salts (generally at 70–95° C.) may be combined with a pre-anodizing foil hydration step to achieve a very significant savings in both energy and foil consumed per unit capacitance at a given anodizing voltage.
Hydration resistance, which is an important consideration for foil used in electrolytic capacitors, may be enhanced by the inclusion of a small amount of an alpha-hydroxy carboxylic acid (such as tartaric acid or citric acid) in the anodizing electrolyte solution, as described in U.S. Pat. No. 4,481,084. The tendency of anodic aluminum oxide to absorb water, forming a variety of hydrated species having impaired dielectric properties appears to be, at least in part, a function of the hydration status of the outermost portion of the anodic oxide at the end of the anodizing process. Lilienfeld, in U.S. Pat. No. 2,826,724 states that “it is the hydration stratum of the oxide film, adjacent the film-electrolyte interface, which causes most of the power loss; and that the progressive development of hydration at the interface causes the aforesaid instability.”
Alwitt, in U.S. Pat. No. 3,733,291, describes a method of removing the residual hydration layer from the outer surface of anodized aluminum capacitor foil which has been exposed to a pre-anodizing hydration step (Alwitt refers to this as a “preboil”) prior to anodizing in order to conserve electrical energy during anodizing. Alwitt employs a dilute phosphoric acid solution, generally with a small chromate content (to inhibit corrosion), to dissolve the outer, hydration layer.
In addition to the problems associated with the residual hydration layer on anodized foil, which has been processed through a pre-anodizing hydration or preboil step prior to anodizing, there exists another potential problem with the stability of the anodic oxide grown on preboiled aluminum foil. The formation of the anodic oxide on preboiled foil takes place via a dehydration reaction in which the layer of pseudoboehmite (i.e. hydration product) is progressively dehydrated from the foil-oxide interface outward. Apparently, the dehydration does not take place through the ejection of water molecules but rather through the ejection of hydrogen ions and the liberation of oxygen gas within the body of the oxide. The liberated oxygen gas may become trapped within the anodic oxide, rendering the oxide susceptible to cracking and dielectric failure in service. This topic is treated well in the article, entitled: “Trapped Oxygen in Aluminum Oxide Films and Its Effect on Dielectric Stability”, by Walter J. Bernard and Philip G. Russell (Journal of the Electrochemical Society, Volume 127, number 6, June 1980, pages 1256–1261).
Stevens and Shaffer describe a method of determining the concentration of oxide flaws as a function of distance from the metal-oxide interface for trapped-oxygen flaws which are exposed via thermal relaxation steps followed by re-anodizing under carefully controlled and monitored conditions (“Defects in Crystalline Anodic Aluminum”, by J. L. Stevens and J. S. Shaffer, Journal of the Electrochemical Society, volume 133, number 6, June 1986, pages 1160–1162).
Stabilization processes have been developed which tend to expose and repair trapped oxygen flaws (in anodic oxide films on preboiled foils) as well as impart hydration resistance to the oxide film. Examples of these processes are described in U.S. Pat. Nos. 4,113,579 and 4,437,946.
For maximum anodic oxide film stability on aluminum foil, it is desirable to form the anodic film in a phosphate solution and, again, for maximum stability (i.e., freedom from trapped oxygen flaws) the foil should not be preboiled prior to the anodizing process.
The skilled artisan has therefore been limited in the ability to form oxides on the anode at high voltage, particularly with phosphate incorporation into the oxide layer.Cancer is the second leading cause of human death next to coronary disease. Worldwide, millions of people die from cancer every year. In the United States alone, as reported by the American Cancer Society, cancer causes the death of well over half-million people annually, with over 1.2 million new cases diagnosed per year. While deaths from heart disease have been declining significantly, those resulting from cancer generally are on the rise. In this century, cancer is predicted to become the leading cause of death.
Prostate cancer is the number one cancer diagnosed in men today. While it occurs to certain extent throughout the world (least commonly in Eastern/Southern Asia), it is viewed as the major public health threat in Western Europe and, especially, the United States. In the US alone, it has been projected that 186,320 new cases of prostate cancer (mostly—among men over fifty) will have been diagnosed in 2008, accounting for 25% of all cancers diagnosed in men that year and 10% of the total cancer-related mortality. Appropriate diet (including dietary supplements) and exercise are currently the common themes for prostate cancer prevention while classical treatments are limited to surgery, radiation therapy, and hormone therapy.
Chemotherapy of late-stage prostate cancer is still largely experimental; however, it may lead to increased survival in the future. Specifically, small molecules as well as antibodies targeted at disrupting vital signaling pathways in cancerous cells have a potential to provide new basis for innovative treatment of prostate cancer and other proliferative disorders in the years to come. As a result, there is a strong need for new compound classes that can be used for hormone-refractory prostate cancer chemotherapy. We have discovered that 4-(hetero)aryl-1,2,5-oxadiazol-3-yl amino derivatives are effective in vitro against androgen-independent prostate cancer cell lines.1. Field of the Invention Deferent
The present invention relates to seat reclining mechanisms for adjusting a tilt angle of a seat back of a seat (e.g., a vehicle seat). More particularly, the present invention relates to seat reclining mechanisms that have a high load resistance when the seat back is tilted.
2. Description of the Related Art
Typically, a vehicle seat comprises a seat back and a seat cushion. The seat back and the seat cushion are rotatably interconnected via a seat reclining mechanism for adjusting a tilt angle of the seat back. Such a seat reclining mechanism is taught, for example, by Japanese Laid-Open Patent Publication Number 2002-119349.
The known seat reclining mechanism includes a pair of opposing disk-shaped housings, i.e., a first or stationary housing and a second or rotational housing. The first housing is affixed to the vehicle seat cushion. The second housing is affixed to the vehicle seat back. The first and second housings are circumferentially connected by an annular fastener or clip ring along peripheral edges thereof, so that the second housing can move or rotate around a rotational shaft relative to the first housing.
The seat reclining mechanism further includes a locking means that can prevent the second housing from rotating relative to the first housing, so as to lock the seat reclining mechanism. The locking means essentially consists of a cam member and two pairs of slide pawls that are received within the housings. The cam member is secured to or integrally formed with the rotational shaft, so as to rotate with the rotational shaft. The slide pawls are slidably received between guide members that are formed within the first housing, so as to radially move on the first housing. As will be recognized, the slide pawls are appropriately shaped such that “desired clearances” are produced between the slide pawls and the guide members. In addition, each of the slide pawls is provided with a convex toothed portion.
When the rotational shaft is rotated to a locking position, the pawls are radially moved outward by the cam member, so that the respective convex toothed portions of the pawls engage a concave toothed portion that is circumferentially formed over an inner circular surface of the second housing peripheral edge. In this state, the second housing (i.e., ratchet) is prevented from rotating relative to the first housing, so that the seat reclining mechanism is locked. As a result, the seat back is locked in position relative to the seat cushion.
Often times, when the seat back is locked, a substantial force can be unexpectedly applied to the seat reclining mechanism in a direction to forwardly tilt the seat back relative to the seat cushion. The force may act as a rotational moment or torque that may force the second housing to rotate relative to the first housing. As a result, the slide pawls may be forced against the corresponding guide members. That is, such a force may be exerted on and received by the four slide pawls. However, if the clearances formed between the slide pawls and the guide members are not equal to each other (i.e., if the clearances have manufacturing variations), such a force is concentrated on only a specific slide pawl that corresponds to the smallest clearance. That is, the force is not evenly received by the four slide pawls. Consequently, the seat reclining mechanism may not achieve the best performance. Many approaches have been made in order to reduce the variations among the clearances. However, all of the approaches have resulted in an increased manufacturing cost.1. Field of the Invention
The invention relates to the field of auxiliary devices for the boring of dowel holes in boards and in particular in the edges of boards which are to be joined together by means of a dowel.
2. Description of the Prior Art
In the manufacture of furniture, such as shelves or cupboards, dowels are often used for connecting the horizontal bottoms with the vertical walls of the furniture for which purpose groups of precisely aligned dowel holes must be bored into the front sides of the horizontal shelf bottoms and into the flat sides of the vertical walls of the furniture. The congruent arrangement of the group of holes in the two workpieces that are to be connected represents a time consuming and extremely difficult job for do-it-yourself craftsman which requires very precise measurements.
In West German Patent No. 24 37 724 there are disclosed auxiliary clamping devices of a type of C clamp which are modified to include boring bushings for guiding the boring tool in alignment with a plurality of boards clamped together in the desired position. With this known patented device doweling operations can be readily performed to provide an excellent fit with the bored panels being drilled on their flat sides and the bores lying close to the edge of the boards. However this known device is not helpful in cases where the board that is to be bored on the flat side must have the bore holes located at a larger distance from the edge of the bore than that location close to the edge. This is a serious drawback.1. Field of the Invention
This invention relates to an optical disc obtained on laminating two optical discs, each having an information recording surface on a substrate, and a method for manufacturing the optical disc.
2. Related Art
In the field of information recording, researches into the optical information recording system are proceeding briskly. This optical information recording system has a number of advantages, such as non-contact recording/reproduction, recording density higher by not less than one digit than with the magnetic recording medium recording system, or compatibility to memory configurations of the read-only, write-once and overwrite type memories. Thus, the optical information recording system is finding a wide field of application in both the industrial and domestic usages as a
As an optical disc capable of recording/reproducing the information by optical means, there are a read-only optical disc, a phase-change type optical disc and a magneto-optical disc.
In keeping up with the demand for high recording density, a laminated optical disc of the sole surface readout type, that is an optical disc in which a laser light beam is adapted to fall on one disc side and the focal point position of the laser light beam is changed to selectively read and write the information from or on the two optical discs. This increases the volume of the information per optical disc. There is also no necessity of providing two pickups or a mechanism for moving the sole pickup to both sides. Therefore, the laminated disc is convenient in promptly having access to disc data or in reducing the size of the recording/reproducing apparatus.
For producing the sole surface readout type laminated disc, two manufacturing methods have been proposed. In the first one of the manufacturing methods, a substrate is molded by injection molding and a first information recording portion is formed on one substrate surface. On the first information recording portion is formed a reflective surface, for example, for forming an optical disc. On the surface of the information recording portion is applied a UV curable resin onto which a stamper carrying the embossed information is pressed in order to mold a second information recording portion. At this time, the thickness of the UV curable resin needs to be controlled precisely. Moreover, since the first and second information recording portions are formed by respective different methods, it is difficult to perform control so that the same signals can be recorded on the two recording surfaces.
In the second manufacturing method, a disc substrate is prepared by injection molding and an information recording portion is formed on one substrate surface for preparing an optical disc. This operation is repeated once to complete two optical discs. These two discs are laminated by bonding the surface of information recording portion of one of the discs to the surface of the other disc opposite to its information recording portion by a UV curable resin to complete a sole optical disc. In this case, the thickness of the UV curable resin is easier to control than with the first manufacturing method. Moreover, since the substrates and the information recording portions are prepared by the same method, the signals on the respective surfaces are of uniform quality.
However, the optical disc prepared by laminating two optical discs with the above-described second method has a drawback that focal point of the laser light of the reproducing apparatus is more susceptible to blurring than with the conventional single disc thus leading to unstable playback signals and deteriorated playback properties.1. Field of the Invention
This invention relates to antagonists of interleukin-4 signaling. In particular, this invention relates to certain triphenyl compounds that antagonize interleukin-4 signaling, to methods of making them, to pharmaceutical compositions containing them, and to their uses.
2. Description of the Related Art
Interleukin-4 (IL-4) is a pleiotropic cytokine that is produced primarily by T helper type 2 lymphocytes (TH2 cells). The most clinically significant activity of this cytokine is the stimulation of immunoglobin class switching of the immune system""s B-cells to IgE production. See P. Chomarat et al., xe2x80x9cAn update on interleukin-4 and its receptorxe2x80x9d, Eur. Cytokine Netw., 8(4), 333-344 (1997); R. A. Pauwels et al., xe2x80x9cCytokines and their receptors as therapeutic targets in asthmaxe2x80x9d, Clin. Exp. Allergy, 28(Suppl. 3), 1-5 (1998), and references discussed therein.
Ample evidence exists that antagonism of IL-4 can alleviate allergic responses. These include the correlation of allergy and asthma symptoms with IL-4 levels in both allergen immunotherapy and asthma patients, the reduction of spontaneous IgE production in lymphocytes following treatment with IL-4 antibodies, and the inability to induce asthma-associated eosinophilia in IL-4 gene knockout mice. Additional evidence exists correlating elevated levels of IL4 with osteoporosis, osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, and autoimmune and other inflammation related disorders. Antagonism of IL-4 might further prove useful for therapeutically desirable immunosuppression.
The attractiveness of developing a drug that antagonizes IL4 activity has not escaped the pharmaceutical industry. Immunex and Wyeth-Ayerst are developing a nebulized form of a soluble IL4 receptor for the treatment of moderate asthma. The drug, Nuvance, is now in Phase II clinical trials. Glaxo SmithKline is developing an IL-4 antibody that is currently in clinical trials for the treatment of asthma.
Small molecule IL-1 antagonists have been sought. See R. Sarabu, xe2x80x9cDesign and synthesis of small molecule interleukin-1 receptor antagonists based on a benzene template, Drug Design Discovery, 15, 191-198 (1998).
It would be desirable to develop a small-molecule IL-4 antagonist.
In a first aspect, this invention provides compounds of formula I and formula II: 
where:
Axe2x80x94B is selected from the group consisting of xe2x80x94CHRXxe2x80x94CHRXxe2x80x94, xe2x80x94CRYxe2x95x90CRYxe2x80x94, xe2x80x94CHRYxe2x80x94Oxe2x80x94, xe2x80x94Oxe2x80x94CHRYxe2x80x94, NR1xe2x80x94C(xe2x95x90O)xe2x80x94, xe2x80x94C(xe2x95x90O)xe2x80x94NR1, xe2x80x94S(O)0-2xe2x80x94CHRXxe2x80x94, xe2x80x94CHRXxe2x80x94S(O)0-2xe2x80x94, xe2x80x94SO2xe2x80x94NR1xe2x80x94, xe2x80x94NR1xe2x80x94SO2xe2x80x94,xe2x80x94C(xe2x95x90O)xe2x80x94CHRXxe2x80x94, xe2x80x94CHRXxe2x80x94C(xe2x95x90O)xe2x80x94, and cycloalkylene;
each RX is independently selected from the group consisting of hydrogen, hydroxy, alkyl, haloalkyl, aminoalkyl, guanidinoalkyl, alkoxy, amino, alkylamino, dialkylamino, cycloamino, alkylcarbonylamino, guanidino, carboxy, alkoxycarbonyl, and tetrazole;
each RY is independently selected from the group consisting of hydrogen, alkyl, haloalkyl, carboxy, and alkoxycarbonyl;
each R1 is independently selected from the group consisting of hydrogen and lower alkyl;
R2 is selected from the group consisting of hydrogen, halo, and hydroxy;
R3 is selected from the group consisting of optionally fluorinated methoxy and optionally fluorinated ethoxy;
R4 is selected from the group consisting of hydrogen, hydroxy, amino, alkylamino, dialkylamino, and cycloamino;
R5 is selected from the group consisting of hydrogen, halo, alkyl, haloalkyl, alkoxy, amino, alkylcarbonylamino, alkylsulfonylamino, benzenesulfonylamino, toluenesulfonylamino, carboxy, aminocarbonyl, alkylaminocarbonyl, dialkylaminocarbonyl, cycloaminocarbonyl, and alkoxycarbonyl;
R6 is selected from the group consisting of hydrogen, halo, and hydroxy;
R8, R9, R11, R12, R14, R15, R17 and R18 are independently selected from the group consisting of hydrogen, halo, alkyl, haloalkyl, methoxy, and ethoxy;
R16 is selected from the group consisting of hydrogen, hydroxy, halo, haloalkyl, alkoxy, aminocarbonyl, alkylaminocarbonyl, carboxy, alkoxycarbonyl, xe2x80x94SO2NR12, and xe2x80x94NR1SO2R1;
R19 is selected from the group consisting of hydrogen, hydroxy, halo, haloalkyl, alkoxy, aminocarbonyl, alkylaminocarbonyl, carboxy, alkoxycarbonyl, xe2x80x94SO2NR12, and xe2x80x94NR1SO2R1;
and compounds of formula VI 
where
X is selected from xe2x80x94CHRXxe2x80x94and xe2x80x94CH2xe2x80x94CHRXxe2x80x94;
Axe2x80x94B is selected from the group consisting of xe2x80x94CHRXxe2x80x94CHRXxe2x80x94, xe2x80x94CRYxe2x95x90CRYxe2x80x94, xe2x80x94CHRYxe2x80x94Oxe2x80x94, xe2x80x94Oxe2x80x94CHRYxe2x80x94, xe2x80x94NR1xe2x80x94C(xe2x95x90O)xe2x80x94, xe2x80x94C(xe2x95x90O)xe2x80x94NR1, xe2x80x94S(O)0-2xe2x80x94CHRXxe2x80x94, xe2x80x94CHRXxe2x80x94S(O)0-2xe2x80x94, xe2x80x94SO2xe2x80x94NR1xe2x80x94, xe2x80x94NR1xe2x80x94SO2xe2x80x94, xe2x80x94C(xe2x95x90O)xe2x80x94CHRXxe2x80x94, xe2x80x94CHRXxe2x80x94C(xe2x95x90O), and cycloalkylene;
each RX is independently selected from the group consisting of hydrogen, hydroxy, alkyl, haloalkyl, aminoalkyl, guanidinoalkyl, alkoxy, amino, alkylamino, dialkylamino, cycloamino, alkylcarbonylamino, guanidino, carboxy, alkoxycarbonyl, and tetrazole;
each RY is independently selected from the group consisting of hydrogen, alkyl, haloalkyl, carboxy, and alkoxycarbonyl;
each R1 is independently selected from the group consisting of hydrogen and lower alkyl;
R2 is selected from the group consisting of hydrogen, halo and hydroxy;
R5 is selected from the group consisting of hydrogen, halo, alkyl, haloalkyl, alkoxy, amino, alkylcarbonylamino, alkylsulfonylamino, benzenesulfonylamino, toluenesulfonylamino, carboxy, aminocarbonyl, alkylaminocarbonyl, dialkylaminocarbonyl, cycloaminocarbonyl, and alkoxycarbonyl;
R6 is selected from the group consisting of hydrogen, halo, and hydroxy;
R8, R9, R11, R12, R14, R15, R17, and R18 are independently selected from the group consisting of hydrogen, halo, alkyl, haloalkyl, methoxy, and ethoxy;
R16 is selected from the group consisting of hydrogen, hydroxy, halo, haloalkyl, alkoxy, aminocarbonyl, alkylaminocarbonyl, carboxy, alkoxycarbonyl, xe2x80x94SO2NR12, and xe2x80x94NR1SO2R1;
and the pharmaceutically acceptable salts of all these compounds.
In a third aspect, this invention provides pharmaceutical compositions comprising a pharmaceutically acceptable excipient and a therapeutically effective amount of at least one compound of this invention. These compositions find particular use as anti-asthmatic and anti-allergenic agents; and in the treatment of osteoporosis, osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, and autoimmune and other inflammation related disorders, and for therapeutically desirable immunosuppression.
In a fourth aspect, this invention provides a method of treating an animal having a disease capable of treatment by administration of an IL-4 antagonist, comprising administration to that animal of a therapeutically effective amount of at least one compound of this invention, optionally in conjunction with at least one other conventional therapeutic agent for the disease being treated.
In a fifth aspect, this invention provides methods of preparing the compounds of this invention.
Definitions
xe2x80x9cAlkylxe2x80x9d means a linear monovalent hydrocarbyl group having 1 to 5 carbon atoms, or a branched or cyclic hydrocarbyl group having 3 to 5 carbon atoms. Exemplary alkyl groups include methyl, ethyl, isopropyl, cyclopropyl, tert-butyl, cyclopropylmethyl, and pentyl. xe2x80x9cAlkoxyxe2x80x9d means the group xe2x80x94O-alkyl, where xe2x80x9calkylxe2x80x9d is as defined immediately before.
xe2x80x9cCycloalkylenexe2x80x9d means a cyclic hydrocarbyl group having 5 to 7 ring carbon atoms, bonded to an aryl group or other linker atom at both of two adjacent ring carbon atoms; such as 1,2-cyclohexylene. xe2x80x9cCycloalkylene also includes those compounds where the bond between the ring carbon atoms that are bonded to the aryl groups or other linker atoms is a double bond. xe2x80x9cCycloalkylenexe2x80x9d specifically includes cyclic compounds as defined immediately before where 1 or 2 of the ring carbon atoms are replaced by O, S, NH, or N-alkyl; such as 2,3-piperidinylene and 3,4-tetrahydropyranylene.
xe2x80x9cCycloaminoxe2x80x9d means a cyclic amino group having 5 to 7 ring atoms of which at least one is nitrogen and the remainder may all be carbon (e.g. pyrrolidino, piperidino) or one carbon may be replaced by O, S, NH, or N-alkyl (e.g. morpholino, piperazino, and the like).
xe2x80x9cAnimalxe2x80x9d includes humans and non-human mammals, such as companion animals (cats, dogs, and the like) and farm animals (cattle, horses, sheep, goats, swine, and the like).
xe2x80x9cDiseasexe2x80x9d includes any unhealthy condition of an animal, including particularly asthma, allergies, osteoporosis, osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, and autoimmune and other inflammation related disorders.
xe2x80x9cGuanidinoxe2x80x9d means the group xe2x80x94NHxe2x80x94C(xe2x95x90NH)NH2.
xe2x80x9cHalogenxe2x80x9d means fluorine, chlorine, or bromine; and xe2x80x9chaloxe2x80x9d likewise means fluoro, chloro, or bromo. xe2x80x9cHaloalkylxe2x80x9d means alkyl (as that term is defined above) substituted with 1 to 5 halogen atoms, especially fluorine or chlorine atoms.
xe2x80x9cOptionally fluorinated methoxyxe2x80x9d and xe2x80x9coptionally fluorinated ethoxyxe2x80x9d mean a methoxy group substituted with 0-3 fluorine atoms and an ethoxy group substituted with 0-5 fluorine atoms respectively.
xe2x80x9cPharmaceutically acceptable excipientxe2x80x9d means an excipient that is useful in preparing a pharmaceutical composition that is generally safe, non-toxic, and desirable, and includes excipients that are acceptable for veterinary use as well as for human pharmaceutical use. Such excipients may be solid, liquid, semisolid, or, in the case of an aerosol composition, gaseous.
xe2x80x9cPharmaceutically acceptable saltsxe2x80x9d means salts that are pharmaceutically acceptable and have the desired pharmacological properties. Such salts include salts that may be formed where acidic protons present in the compounds are capable of reacting with inorganic or organic bases. Suitable inorganic salts include those formed with the alkali metals, e.g. sodium and potassium, magnesium, calcium, and aluminum. Suitable organic salts include those formed with organic bases such as the amine bases, e.g. ethanolamine, diethanolamine, triethanolamine, tromethamine, N-methylglucamine, and the like. Such salts also include acid addition salts formed with inorganic acids (e.g. hydrochloric and hydrobromic acids) and organic acids (e.g. acetic acid, citric acid, maleic acid, and the alkane- and arene-sulfonic acids such as methanesulfonic acid and benzenesulfonic acid). When there are two acidic groups present, a pharmaceutically acceptable salt may be a mono-acid-mono-salt or a di-salt; and similarly where there are more than two acidic groups present, some or all of such groups can be salified.
A xe2x80x9cprotecting groupxe2x80x9d has the meaning conventionally associated with it in organic synthesis, i.e. a group that selectively blocks one or more reactive sites in a multifunctional compound such that a chemical reaction can be carried out selectively on another unprotected reactive site and such that the group can readily be removed after the selective reaction is complete.
A xe2x80x9ctherapeutically effective amountxe2x80x9d means the amount that, when administered to an animal for treating a disease, is sufficient to effect treatment for that disease.
xe2x80x9cTreatingxe2x80x9d or xe2x80x9ctreatmentxe2x80x9d of a disease includes preventing the disease from occurring in an animal that may be predisposed to the disease but does not yet experience or exhibit symptoms of the disease (prophylactic treatment), inhibiting the disease (slowing or arresting its development), providing relief from the symptoms or side-effects of the disease (including palliative treatment), and relieving the disease (causing regression of the disease).
The compounds of this invention may possess one or more chiral centers or olefinic bonds, and, if they do, can therefore be produced as individual stereoisomers or as mixtures of stereoisomers, depending on whether individual stereoisomers or mixtures of stereoisomers of the starting materials are used. Unless indicated otherwise, the description or naming of a compound or group of compounds is intended to include both the individual stereoisomers or mixtures (racemic or otherwise) of stereoisomers. Methods for the determination of stereochemistry and the separation of stereoisomers are well known to a person of ordinary skill in the art [see the discussion in Chapter 4 of J. March, xe2x80x9cAdvanced Organic Chemistryxe2x80x9d, 4th ed., John Wiley and Sons, New York, N.Y., 1992].
Implicit hydrogen atoms are omitted from the formulae for clarity, but should be understood to be present.
Presently Preferred Compounds
While the broadest definition of the invention is set out in the Summary of the Invention, certain compounds of this invention are presently preferred.
Presently preferred compounds of this invention are compounds of formula III 
where:
Axe2x80x94B is xe2x80x94CHRXxe2x80x94CHRXxe2x80x94, xe2x80x94CHRYxe2x80x94Oxe2x80x94, xe2x80x94Oxe2x80x94CHRYxe2x80x94, NR1xe2x80x94C(xe2x95x90O)xe2x80x94, C(xe2x95x90O)xe2x80x94NR1, xe2x80x94SO2xe2x80x94NR1xe2x80x94, xe2x80x94NR1xe2x80x94SO2xe2x80x94;
and RX, RY, R4, R5, R12, R16, and R18 are as in the Summary of the Invention;
and their pharmaceutically acceptable salts.
More preferred compounds of this invention are compounds of formula IV 
where:
Axe2x80x94B is xe2x80x94CHRXxe2x80x94CHRXxe2x80x94, xe2x80x94CHRYxe2x80x94Oxe2x80x94, xe2x80x94Oxe2x80x94CHRYxe2x80x94;
and RX, RY, R5, R12, R16, and R18 are as in the Summary of the Invention;
and their pharmaceutically acceptable salts.
More preferred compounds of this invention are compounds of formula V 
where:
Axe2x80x94B is xe2x80x94CHRXxe2x80x94CHRXxe2x80x94; 
and RX, R5, R12, and R18 are as in the Summary of the Invention;
and their pharmaceutically acceptable salts.
Preferred compounds of this invention also include those compounds, or groups of compounds discussed above, in which:
(1) at least one of R2, R4, and R6 is not hydrogen;
(2) at least one of R14, R15, R16, R17, and R18 in formulae I, III, IV, and VI, or at least one of R14, R15, R17, R18, and R19 in formula II, is not hydrogen;
or both of these preferences are met.
Pharmacology and Utility
The compounds of this invention are antagonists of IL-4 signaling. Their activity as IL-4 signaling antagonists in vitro can be measured by methods such as the STAT6 phosphorylation assay discussed in J. Hon et al., Science, 265, 1701-1706 (1994), F. W. Quelle et al., Mol. Cell Biol., 15, 3336-3343 (1995), and K. Takeda et al., Nature, 380, 627-630 (1996); and as discussed in Example 3. Their activity can be measured in vivo by activity in the cynomolgus monkey primate model described in C. D. Wegner et al., xe2x80x9cModels of Pulmonary Disease: Acute and Chronic Allergic Asthma in the Monkey and Acute and Chronic Viral Pulmonitis in the Mousexe2x80x9d in xe2x80x9cCurrent Protocols in Pharmacologyxe2x80x9d, John Wiley and Sons, 1998, 5.2.1-5.2.19.
The therapeutic ratio of a compound can be determined, for example, by comparing the dose that gives effective anti-asthmatic or anti-allergic activity in a suitable in vivo model such as the cynomolgus model described in Wegner et al., with the dose that gives significant weight loss (or other observable side-effects) in the test animal species.
Pharmaceutical compositions and administration
In general, compounds of this invention will be administered in therapeutically effective amounts by any of the usual modes known in the art, either singly or in combination with at least one other compound of this invention and/or at least one other conventional therapeutic agent for the disease being treated. A therapeutically effective amount may vary widely depending on the disease, its severity, the age and relative health of the animal being treated, the potency of the compound(s), and other factors. Therapeutically effective amounts of compounds of this invention may range from approximately 0.01-100 mg/Kg body weight. A person of ordinary skill in the art will be able without undue experimentation, having regard to that skill and this disclosure, to determine a therapeutically effective amount of a compound of this invention for a given disease.
In general, compounds of this invention will be administered as pharmaceutical compositions by one of the following routes: oral, topical, systemic (e.g. transdermal, intranasal, by inhalation, or by suppository), or parenteral (e.g. intramuscular, subcutaneous, or intravenous injection). Compositions may take the form of tablets, pills, capsules, semisolids, powders, sustained release formulations, solutions, suspensions, elixirs, aerosols, or any other appropriate compositions; and comprise at least one compound of this invention in combination with at least one pharmaceutically acceptable excipient. Suitable excipients are well known to persons of ordinary skill in the art, and they, and the methods of formulating the compositions, may be found in such standard references as A. R. Alfonso, xe2x80x9cRemington""s Pharmaceutical Sciencesxe2x80x9d, 17th ed., Mack Publishing Company, Easton Pa., 1985. Suitable liquid carriers, especially for injectable solutions, include water, aqueous saline solution, aqueous dextrose solution, and glycols.
Typically, compounds of this invention will be administered orally, by inhalation (especially for asthma and in pulmonary inflammatory conditions), or topically (especially for psoriasis). The amount of a compound of this invention in the composition may vary widely depending on the type of composition, size of a unit dosage, kind of excipients, and other factors well known to those of ordinary skill in the art. In general, the final composition may comprise from 0.0001 percent by weight (%w) to 10%w of the compound of this invention, preferably 0.001%w to 1%w, with the remainder being the excipient or excipients.
An composition may optionally contain, in addition to a compound of this invention, at least one other compound of this invention, and/or at least one other agent for the disease state being treated.
Preparation of the Compounds of this Invention
The starting materials and reagents used in preparing these compounds are either available from commercial suppliers such as Aldrich Chemical Company (Milwaukee, Wis.), Bachem (Torrance, Calif.), Sigma (St. Louis, Mo.), or are prepared by methods well known to a person of ordinary skill in the art following procedures described in such references as Fieser and Fieser""s xe2x80x9cReagents for Organic Synthesisxe2x80x9d, vols. 1-17, John Wiley and Sons, New York, N.Y., 1991; Rodd""s xe2x80x9cChemistry of Carbon Compoundsxe2x80x9d, vols. 1-5 and supplements, Elsevier Science Publishers, 1989; xe2x80x9cOrganic Reactionsxe2x80x9d, vols. 1-40, John Wiley and Sons, New York, N.Y., 1991; March""s xe2x80x9cAdvanced Organic Chemistryxe2x80x9d, 4th ed., John Wiley and Sons, New York, N.Y., 1992; and Larock""s xe2x80x9cComprehensive Organic Transformationsxe2x80x9d, VCH Publishers, 1989. These schemes are merely illustrative of some methods by which the compounds of this invention can be synthesized, and various modifications to these schemes can be made and will be suggested to a person of ordinary skill in the art having regard to this disclosure.
The starting materials, intermediates, and compounds of this invention may be isolated and purified using conventional techniques, including filtration, distillation, crystallization, chromatography, and the like. They may be characterized using conventional methods, including physical constants and spectral data.
Unless specified to the contrary, the reactions described herein take place at atmospheric pressure over a temperature range between about 0xc2x0 C. and 125xc2x0 C.
General synthetic methods are discussed below.
Typically, an appropriately substituted biphenyl or biphenyl ether is reacted with an appropriately substituted benzene to form the linker xe2x80x94Axe2x80x94Bxe2x80x94 between the biphenyl/biphenyl ether and the benzene.
Where xe2x80x94Axe2x80x94Bxe2x80x94 is xe2x80x94CRYxe2x95x90CRYxe2x80x94, the alkene linker is readily prepared by the either of two methods. In the first method, a suitably substituted aryl aldehyde or ketone is reacted with the sodium salt of a suitably substituted triphenylphosphonium halide (Wittig reaction), prepared from the corresponding halomethyl compound. Thus, for example, a suitably substituted benzyltriphosphonium halide (prepared from the corresponding benzyl bromide) dissolved in a solvent such as tetrahydrofuran is treated with a solution of n-butyllithium at 0xc2x0 C., stirred at room temperature, then the suitably substituted biphenylaldehyde is added. The reaction is quenched with methanol, extracted, dried, and the extracts concentrated to yield the olefin-linked compound. In the second method, a suitably substituted aryl halide and a suitably substituted arylboronic acid (the Suzuki coupling reaction) or aryl halide and aryl trialkyltin (the Stille coupling reaction) are reacted in the presence of a Pd catalyst.
Where xe2x80x94Axe2x80x94Bxe2x80x94 is xe2x80x94CHRXxe2x80x94CHRXxe2x80x94, the 2 carbon alkyl linker is readily prepared by reduction of the corresponding alkene linker (see above) by any number of common reagents including H2(g) over Pd/C. Substituted analogs of the 2 carbon alkyl linker may be prepared by a variety of means known to a person of ordinary skill in the art. For example, the ketone linkage (see below) may be alkylated at the site neighboring the ketone functional group by combination with an electrophile in the presence of base. The ketone functional group may be converted to an amino group by reductive amination. The ketone linkage may also be converted to a substituted alkene linkage by reaction with the sodium salt of an appropriately substituted triphenylphosphonium halide reagent or similar. The hydroxyl group of the linkage sited as the precursor to the ketone may alternatively be converted to an ether or ester moiety by methods very familiar to a person of ordinary skill in the art.
Where xe2x80x94Axe2x80x94Bxe2x80x94 is xe2x80x94CHRYxe2x80x94Oxe2x80x94 or xe2x80x94Oxe2x80x94CHRYxe2x80x94, the ether linker may be prepared by any of three methods. In the first method, a suitably substituted aryl alcohol may be combined in the presence of base with an appropriately substituted halomethyl arene. In the second method, an appropriately substituted aryl alcohol may be combined with an appropriately substituted hydroxymethyl arene in the presence of triphenylphosphine and diethyl azodicarboxylate (the Mitsunobu reaction). In the third method, an appropriately substituted aryl halide may be combined with an appropriately substituted hydroxymethyl arene in the presence of sodium tert-butoxide and a Pd-based catalyst (Buchwald coupling conditions).
Where xe2x80x94Axe2x80x94Bxe2x80x94 is xe2x80x94NR1xe2x80x94C(xe2x95x90O)xe2x80x94 or xe2x80x94C(xe2x95x90O)xe2x80x94NR1xe2x80x94, the amide linker may be prepared by either of two methods. In the first method, a suitably substituted arylamine is combined with a suitably substituted arylcarboxylic acid in the presence of one of a variety of condensation reagents known to a person of ordinary skill in the art. In the second method, a suitably substituted arylamine is combined with a suitably substituted activated arylcarboxylic acid derivative, such as an arylcarboxylic acid halide.
Where xe2x80x94Axe2x80x94Bxe2x80x94 is xe2x80x94S(O)0-2xe2x80x94CHRXxe2x80x94 or xe2x80x94CHRXxe2x80x94S(O)0-2xe2x80x94, the thioether linkage may prepared by the combination of a suitably substituted arenethiol with a suitably substituted halomethyl arene. The sulfoxide linkage is prepared by single oxidation of the thioether linkage by any of a variety of oxidation reagents known to a person of ordinary skill in the art. The sulfone linkage is prepared from either the thioether or the sulfoxide by treatment with any of a variety of oxidation reagents also known to a person of ordinary skill in the art.
Where xe2x80x94Axe2x80x94Bxe2x80x94 is xe2x80x94SO2xe2x80x94NR1xe2x80x94 or xe2x80x94NR1xe2x80x94SO2xe2x80x94, the sulfonamide linkage may be prepared by reaction of a suitably substituted arylamine with a suitably substituted arenesulfonyl halide, which may in turn be first prepared from the appropriately substituted arenesulfonic acid by one of a variety of methods known to a person of ordinary skill in the art.
Where xe2x80x94Axe2x80x94Bxe2x80x94 is xe2x80x94C(Oxe2x95x90)xe2x80x94CHRXxe2x80x94 or xe2x80x94CHRXxe2x80x94C(xe2x95x90O)xe2x80x94, the ketone linkage is prepared by oxidation of the corresponding hydroxyl substituted linkage by the use of MnO2 or any other of a variety of oxidizing reagents known to a person of ordinary skill in the art. The hydroxy substituted linkage can be prepared by reaction of a suitably substituted aryl aldehyde with a suitably substituted arylmagnesium halide, prepared in advance from the corresponding aryl halide (the Grignard reaction).
Where xe2x80x94Axe2x80x94Bxe2x80x94 is 1,2-cycloalkylene, the cycloalkylene linkage containing a double bond between the bonding ring carbons may be prepared by the reaction of a 1,2 dihalocycloalkene sequentially with the appropriately substituted arylboronic acids (Suzuki coupling reaction) or aryl trialkyltin reagents (Stille coupling reaction) in the presence of a Pd catalyst. The reduced cycloalkylene linkage may be prepared by reduction of the corresponding double-bonded linkage by reaction with H2 (g) over Pd/C. In large part the cycloalkylene linkages where there are hetero atom(s) in the ring may be prepared in the same manner. Additional methods commonly used by persons of ordinary skill in the art to prepare a variety of 1,2-diaryl substituted cyclic moieties, too numerous to describe in detail here, can be found in xe2x80x9cHeterocyclic Chemistry, 2nd, ed.xe2x80x9d T. L. Gilchrist, 1992, Longman Scientific and Technical, Essex; and xe2x80x9cHeterocyclic Chemistry, 3d ed.xe2x80x9d J. A. Joule, K. Mills, and G. F. Smith, 1995, Chapman and Hall, London.
Under some circumstances, it may be appropriate to form the biphenyl linkage after forming the xe2x80x94Axe2x80x94Bxe2x80x94 linkage, as is shown in Example 1.
When the compound contains a biphenyl ether, as in formula II, it may be prepared by any of four methods. In the first method, a suitably substituted hydroxy arene is combined with a suitably substituted aryl fluoride or nitroarene in the presence of base. In the second method, a suitably substituted hydroxy arene is reacted with an appropriately substituted arylboronic acid under Evans conditions, i.e. in the presence of an appropriate copper-based catalyst. In the third method, a suitably substituted hydroxy arene is reacted with a suitably substituted aryl halide under Buchwald coupling conditions, i.e. in the presence of an appropriate palladium-based catalyst. In the fourth method an aryl vinyl ether is reacted with an appropriately substituted pyrone to form a cycloadduct (the Diels-Alder reaction), which subsequently undergoes the elimination of carbon dioxide to afford the biphenyl ether.
When the linker is of the form xe2x80x94Xxe2x80x94Axe2x80x94Bxe2x80x94, similar techniques may be used. A representative few are as follows:
When xe2x80x94Xxe2x80x94Axe2x80x94Bxe2x80x94 is xe2x80x94CHRXxe2x80x94CH(OH)xe2x80x94CHRYxe2x80x94, the 2-hydroxypropyl linkage may be prepared by the reaction of a suitably substituted arylacetaldehyde with a suitably substituted arylmethylmagnesium halide, prepared from the corresponding arenylmethyl halide (the Grignard coupling reaction).
When xe2x80x94Xxe2x80x94Axe2x80x94Bxe2x80x94 is xe2x80x94CHRXxe2x80x94NR1C(xe2x95x90O)xe2x80x94, the amidomethyl linkage may be prepared by the reaction of a suitably substituted arenecarboxylic acid or activated arenecarboxylic acid derivative with an appropriately substituted aminomethylarene, under conditions described above for the A-B linked amide case. When xe2x80x94Xxe2x80x94Axe2x80x94Bxe2x80x94 is xe2x80x94CHRxe2x80x94C(xe2x95x90O)xe2x80x94NR1xe2x80x94, the amidomethyl linkage may be prepared by the reaction of a suitably substituted areneacetic acid or activated areneacetic acid derivative with an appropriately substituted aminoarene, under the same conditions. When xe2x80x94Xxe2x80x94Axe2x80x94Bxe2x80x94 is xe2x80x94CH2xe2x80x94CHRXxe2x80x94NR1xe2x80x94C(xe2x95x90O)xe2x80x94, the amidoethyl linkage may be prepared by the reaction of a suitably substituted arenecarboxylic acid or activated arenecarboxylic acid derivative with an appropriately substituted aminoethylarene, and when xe2x80x94Xxe2x80x94Axe2x80x94Bxe2x80x94 is xe2x80x94CH2xe2x80x94CHRXxe2x80x94C(xe2x95x90O)xe2x80x94NR1xe2x80x94, the amidoethyl linkage may be prepared by the reaction of a suitably substituted arenepropionic acid or activated arenepropionic acid derivative with an appropriately substituted aminoarene, under the same conditions.
When xe2x80x94Xxe2x80x94Axe2x80x94Bxe2x80x94 is xe2x80x94CHRYxe2x80x94Oxe2x80x94CHRYxe2x80x94, the Cxe2x80x94Oxe2x80x94C ether linkage may prepared by combination of the appropriately substituted hydroxymethyl arene with the appropriately substituted halomethyl-, methanesulfonyloxy-, or p-toluenesulfonyloxymethyl arene in the presence of base; and similarly when xe2x80x94Xxe2x80x94Axe2x80x94Bxe2x80x94 is xe2x80x94CH2xe2x80x94CHRYxe2x80x94Oxe2x80x94CHRYxe2x80x94.
It will be evident that the biphenyl linkage may be formed either before or after the formation of the xe2x80x94Xxe2x80x94Axe2x80x94Bxe2x80x94 linkage: Example 2 describes a synthesis in which the biphenyl linkage is formed after the formation of the xe2x80x94Xxe2x80x94Axe2x80x94Bxe2x80x94 linkage.
It will also be evident that the phenyl rings may be substituted with substituents inert to the reaction conditions (or substituents protected against the reaction conditions associated with formation of the compound skeleton, where the protecting group can be removed without adverse effect on the remainder of the compound) without affecting the reactions described.
When a substituent is, for example, a carboxylic acid, it will typically be protected throughout the synthesis as an alkyl, e.g. C1-4 alkyl ester, typically the methyl ester; with the ester being removed in the final deprotection step by reaction with an aqueous base, such as aqueous lithium hydroxide. When a substituent is or contains an amine or guanidino group, it will typically be protected with a typical amine-protecting group well known to a person of ordinary skill in the art, such as tert-butoxycarbonyl (BOC), benzyloxycarbonyl (CBZ), 9-fluorenylmethoxycarbonyl (FMOC), and the like, if needed, with the protecting group being removed in the final deprotection step by such methods as are conventional for removal of these amine-protecting groups. Under some circumstances, a carboxylic acid may be protected as an ester that is differentially removable, i.e. removable under circumstances where other carboxyl groups remain protected. When a substituent is a hydroxy group, it will typically be protected with a typical hydroxy-protecting group such as a tertiary silyl group, e.g. tert-butyldimethylsilyl. The choice of suitable protecting groups for substituents during the syntheses will be within the skill of a person of ordinary skill in the art having regard to that skill and this disclosure.
It will be apparent to a person of ordinary skill in the art, having regard to that skill, this disclosure, and the references cited herein, that generally any one of several different methods may be employed for the synthesis of a selected compound of this invention. For convenience, the synthesis may well be chosen based on the availability or cost of the starting materials and reagents for the methods available for that compound, or considering the number of steps necessary for the method. For example, if an appropriately substituted biphenyl or biphenyl ether is readily available or synthesizable, it may well be convenient to form the biphenyl/biphenyl ether linkage before formation of the xe2x80x94Axe2x80x94Bxe2x80x94 or xe2x80x94Xxe2x80x94Axe2x80x94Bxe2x80x94 linkage; but otherwise it may be preferable to form the biphenyl or biphenyl ether linkages later. A person of ordinary skill in the art, having regard to that skill, this disclosure, and the references cited herein, will be able to prepare desired compounds of formula I without undue experimentation.Many businesses have dedicated telecommunication systems that enable computers, telephones, facsimile machines and the like to communicate with each other through a private network and with remote locations via a telecommunications service provider. In most buildings, the dedicated telecommunications system is hard wired using telecommunication cables that contain conductive wire. In such hard wired systems, dedicated wires are coupled to individual service ports throughout the building. Conventionally, the wires from the dedicated service ports extend through the walls of the building to a telecommunications closet or closets. The telecommunications lines from the interface hub of a main frame computer and the telecommunication lines from external telecommunication service providers may also terminate within a telecommunications closet.
A patching system is typically used to interconnect the various telecommunication lines within a telecommunications closet. In a telecommunications patching system, the telecommunication lines are terminated within a telecommunications closet in an organized manner. The organized terminations of the various lines are provided via the structure of the telecommunications closet. A mounting frame having one or more racks is typically located in a telecommunications closet. The telecommunications lines terminate on the racks, as is explained below.
Referring to FIG. 1, a typical prior art rack 10 is shown. The rack 10 retains a plurality of patch panels 12 that are mounted to the rack 10. On each of the patch panels 12 are located port assemblies 14. The illustrated port assemblies 14 each contain six telecommunication connector ports 16 (e.g., RJ-45 ports). Other types of patch panels are known, including patch panels with optical fiber ports (e.g., SC, ST, and FC ports) and copper wire ports.
Each telecommunication connector port 16 is hard wired to a respective one of the telecommunications lines. Accordingly, each telecommunications line terminates on a patch panel 12 in an organized manner. In small patch systems, all telecommunications lines may terminate on the patch panels of the same rack. In larger patch systems, multiple racks may be used. Interconnections between the various telecommunications lines are made using patch cords 20. Both ends of each patch cord 20 are terminated with connectors 22, such as, for example, an RJ-45 or RJ-11 telecommunications connector. One end of a patch cord 20 is connected to a connector port 16 of a first telecommunications line and the opposite end of the patch cord 20 is connected to a connector port 16 of a second telecommunications line. By selectively connecting the various lines with patch cords 20, any combination of telecommunications lines can be interconnected.
In many businesses, employees are assigned their own computer network access number exchange so that the employee can interface with a main frame computer or computer network. When an employee changes office locations, it may not be desirable to provide that employee with new exchange numbers. Rather, to preserve consistency in communications, it may be preferred that the exchanges of the telecommunication connection ports in the employee's old office be transferred to the telecommunications ports in the employee's new office. To accomplish this task, patch cords in a telecommunication closet are rearranged so that the employee's old exchanges are now received in his/her new office.
As employees move, change positions, and/or add and subtract lines, the patch cords in a typical telecommunications closet are rearranged quite often. The interconnections of the various patch cords in a telecommunications closet are often logged in either a paper or computer based log. However, technicians may neglect to update the log each and every time a change is made. Inevitably, the log may become less than 100% accurate and a technician may not have a way of reading where each of the patch cords begins and ends. Accordingly, when a technician needs to change a patch cord, it may be necessary for the technician to manually trace that patch cord between two connector ports. To perform a manual trace, the technician locates one end of a patch cord and then manually follows the patch cord until he/she finds the opposite end of that patch cord. Once the two ends of the patch cord are located, the patch cord can be positively identified.
It may take a significant amount of time for a technician to manually trace a particular patch cord, particularly within a collection of other patch cords. Furthermore, manual tracing may not be completely accurate and technicians may accidentally go from one patch cord to another during a manual trace. Such errors may result in misconnected telecommunication lines which must be later identified and corrected. Also, it may be difficult to identify the correct port to which a particular patch cord end should be connected or disconnected. Thus, ensuring that the proper connections are made can be very time-consuming, and the process is prone to errors in both the making of connections and in keeping records of the connections. Accordingly, a need exists for accurately and quickly tracing, detecting and identifying the ends of patch cords in a telecommunications closet. A need also exists for accurately and quickly knowing which patch panel ports are connected by patch cords.1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to method and apparatus for multiplexing signals and more particularly concerns flexible multiplexing that is readily reconfigurable to accommodate different numbers of inputs.
2. Description of Related Art
In various systems that are required to handle a large number of inputs, such as, for example, in an aircraft audio entertainment system, analog signals are generally converted to digital form and then time division multiplexed for transmission to a plurality of listening stations. Commonly, analog to digital conversion and multiplexing take place in hardware mounted in a single box at a single location. If the system with which the multiplexing arrangement is used is to be reconfigured, as when, for example, further seats are added to an aircraft and additional audio sources are used, additional channels of audio information must be transmitted together with the original channels. According to present arrangements, in order to support additional audio channels an entirely new multiplexer box is required. Furthermore, in such systems where both audio and video entertainment is employed, it is generally convenient, if not necessary, to position the audio source or sources (a CD player or tape deck) at locations remote from the location of the video source with its audio signals, such as a video tape reproducer for example. For such a reconfiguration the video audio and the independent audio sources must be connected to the same digitizing box, which results in a significant additional amount of interconnecting wiring.
Accordingly, it is an object of the present invention to provide a multiplexing system which avoids or minimizes above-mentioned problems.1. Technical Field of the Invention
This invention relates to nonwoven composites and particularly to nonwoven composites used in absorbent articles.
2. Description of Related Art
There are several known topsheets formed of either nonwoven materials or formed films that have been designed to handle viscous exudate such as new born infant stool or viscous menses fluid. These topsheet materials specifically have large apertures and the nonwoven products have a cloth like texture while the film products have a flat sticky surface. Formed films are typically known to have better absorbency rates and wetback properties, but nonwovens tend to be softer and gentler to the skin.
Attempts to use topsheets with large apertures has met with limited success due to the nature of the large holes. In the case of nonwovens, the large holes were two-dimensional because the soft fibers used were not sufficiently resilient to support the three dimensional structure. In the case of formed films, the material which were three dimensional and resilient enough to maintain this shape were too rigid and not soft on the wearers' skin.
Newborn infants, especially those being fed breast milk, are known to have a more fluid stool and to have explosive bowel movements due to excess gas in their sensitive systems. The combination of a fluid stool and explosive bowel movements presents a technical problem for known topsheet materials. The topsheet must have exceptionally high acquisition rates to capture the fast moving stool as it travels across the diaper. Furthermore, the topsheet must have good, wetback properties to maintain the fluid stool in the absorbent core after repeated insults.
Nonwovens and films have been designed to meet one or the other of these design criteria, yet parents still know that these explosive newborn bowel movements will likely escape all known diapers and therefore soil the infant's clothing, the parent's clothing, and bedding materials.
Similar performance criteria would be advantageous in feminine hygiene products as well.
It would be advantageous to have a topsheet with an exceptional absorbency rate while still maintaining acceptable wetback properties.The present application relates generally to communication systems and, more particularly, to communication systems in which data is exchanged between a card reader and a contactless smartcard.
Contactless smartcards are widely used to purchase goods and services. For example, it is now possible to pay for gasoline, groceries, and transit fares simply by waving a contactless smartcard in the vicinity of a card reader. Smartcards provide the cardholder with a quick and convenient way to transfer value and often can be recharged or otherwise linked to a line of credit.
A card reader communicates with a contactless smartcard using electromagnetic radiation. Card transactions often involve an over-the-air exchange of sensitive information such as account numbers, key values, and other identifiers. These exchanges are susceptible to eavesdropping which can lead to hacking the smartcard and the theft of its value.
Data encryption can help to reduce the incidence of hacking attacks. However, encryption algorithms can be cracked and are susceptible to unforeseen weaknesses. Moreover, a large body of unencrypted or weakly encrypted smartcards is currently in circulation.As this type of apparatus, there has been suggested an apparatus for issuing a warning if a vehicle departs from a lane (e.g. refer to a patent document 1). According to a lane departure warning apparatus for a vehicle disclosed in the patent document 1, a passenger and/or a driver is not troubled by that the warning is not issued if the departure direction of the vehicle is equal to the indicated direction of a winker or direction indicator in cases where it is judged that the vehicle departs from a driving lane while the winker is in operation.
Moreover, there has been also suggested an apparatus for evaluating the possibility of steering by the driver and for varying easiness in stopping the steering control in order to solve such a problem that the stop timing of steering control can give an uncomfortable feeling to a driver if the steering control is stopped in accordance with the blinking operation of the winker (e.g. refer to a patent document 2).
Moreover, there has been also suggested an apparatus for judging that the driver consciously changes the lane and for setting a departure judgment flag to be OFF if a direction indicated by a direction switch signal is equal to a direction indicated by the departure direction (e.g. refer to a patent document 3).
Moreover, there has been also suggested an apparatus for changing a steering assist torque if a winker operating direction is equal to a steering direction (e.g. refer to a patent document 4).As business moves toward distributed working environments, and as transmission of electronic data becomes a valuable business tool, it becomes increasingly important to efficiently transport various types of data through computer networks. Transmission of graphical data may pose unique challenges for a number of reasons, including the relatively large size of various types of graphical data and relatively slow and unreliable network transmission bandwidths. Moreover, the size of the graphical data handled by conventional software applications has increased exponentially, making it impracticable to work with local graphical data from remote locations since there is no economical, efficient, and secure way to remotely access the data.
Graphical data may be stored in a computer as a three dimensional (3-D) graphical model, which is a 3-D representation of a real or computer-generated object. Normally, a particular view of the 3-D graphical model is computed using high-end computer hardware, software, and high-end graphics accelerators before it can be displayed to a user in the form of a two-dimensional (2-D) image. The terms display and image may be used interchangeably when reference is made to a user, client and server. The process of extracting a 2-D image from a 3-D graphical model often includes a technique known as rendering. Rendering is the process of creating views from selected viewing angles and adding 3-D visual cues and qualities, such as lighting, textures, shadows, color and image attributes, stereographic perception, animation, and motion-parallax, to the extracted 3-D graphical model in order to enhance the 2-D image understanding of the model. One technique for rendering graphics is called ray tracing. Another type of rendering is scanline rendering, which renders images one horizontal line at a time instead of object-by-object as in ray tracing.
Various techniques exist for the transmission of, or remote display of, graphical data. These techniques may be implemented on a network of computers. The network of computers may include a server, which is a computer running a particular graphics application and managing various resources, and one or more clients, which are computers that rely on the server to perform one or more operations. Alternatively, the network of computers may include a plurality of nodes. The nodes may be computers that are configured to share information without functioning in a structured client-server relationship.
Various image compression techniques may be used to reduce the bandwidth required for transmitting 3-D models or 2-D images locally or across a network. For example, a 3-D model or 2-D image may be compressed at a server or at a first node and transmitted using hardware image compression and hardware data compression techniques. The compressed data may then be decompressed at a client or at a second node in order to image the original data. Conventional image compression techniques, such as transform coding, vector quantisation, segmentation and approximation, spline approximation, wavelet compression, or fractal coding, often lead to lossy or distorted images. In addition, lossy techniques often lead to image degradation at each compression stage. As a result, lossless image compression techniques, including run-length encoding, Huffman encoding, Lempel/Ziv coding, or area coding, were developed.
These conventional techniques, nevertheless, suffer from inherent disadvantages. For example, both the server or first node and the client or second node must perform a compression or decompression step, which is an inefficient use of computing or computer resources. Furthermore, some conventional techniques may be difficult to implement, particularly across multiple heterogeneous platforms normally found in all computing environments. Moreover, lossless image compression techniques may suffer from compression ratios that are not as high as conventional lossy techniques.
U.S. Pat. No. 6,219,057 describes a collaborative work environment for allowing remote users to manipulate a 3-D model using conventional techniques. In this system, each node or client requires its own local copy of the original 3-D model. A local copy of the original 3-D model is rendered at each node or client. Each user may manipulate its local copy of the original 3-D model using a transformation matrix. The transformation matrix is a set of data that represents a manipulation of the original 3-D model. The transformation matrix is used to communicate the viewing position and orientation of the manipulated 3-D model to other users, who use the information to render a new local copy based on the application of the transformation matrix to the original local copy. The system disclosed in the '057 patent is disadvantaged to the extent that it requires significant system resources at each node in the network. For example, each node requires high-end graphics-specific hardware that is sufficient to render the 3-D model. In addition, the rendering operation may require additional memory, system bus bandwidth, and other resources on each node in the network. This usually affects the performance of other applications running on each node.
Furthermore, the nature of the collaborative environment described by the '057 patent may not be practical when some of the 3-D model information is confidential or cannot reside on the client or node because the 3-D model is comprised of data that exceeds the system capacity of the client or node.
Other conventional systems that are available for displaying 3-D graphical data include OpenGL Performer® and OpenGL Vizserver™—both applications offered by Silicon Graphics, Inc. (SGI®). OpenGL Performer® includes a “Dynamic Video Resolution” feature that reduces the size of the rendered image, and correspondingly, the number of rendered pixels. As a result, the speed (frame rate) at which all processing is completed before updating the display with a new image is enhanced. Afterwards, specialized SGI® video hardware enlarges the images to the original size. This is accomplished by using a technique known as bipolar filtering to enlarge the image. In this way, the image is the correct size, but it contains a reduced number of pixels.
OpenGL Performer® is, nevertheless, disadvantaged to the extent that it requires specialized SGI video hardware on any machine that displays an object image. Furthermore, this system does not enable remote rendering, but is, rather, optimized to achieve high frame rates locally. While it can be used in conjunction with remote-enabling products in order to transmit 3-D graphics information, this requires enlarging the image at each node in the network. Therefore, each node must contain specialized video hardware. OpenGL Vizserver™ is similarly disadvantaged. For example, OpenGL Vizserver™ requires specialized hardware in the form of multiple (five) compression modules that compress/decompress the frames of a rendered 3-D graphics model. These compression modules reside at the client and server thus, reducing performance at each end when performing other necessary tasks and interacting with the 3-D graphics model. OpenGL Vizserver™ may also require additional customized modules which adversely impact the system resources of the client and server. In either application using OpenGL Performer®, OpenGL Vizserver™, or both, the cost of implementing such systems is significant.
Another example of a conventional system for displaying 3-D graphical data includes EarthCube® RemoteViz offered by Landmark Graphics Corporation. Like other conventional remote collaboration systems, EarthCube® RemoteViz requires specialized hardware in the form of image based or video based compression packages that are expensive and restrict the client and server system resources from performing other necessary functions.
As demonstrated by the state of the art, there is a need, among other things, for an efficient system that can remotely display 3-D graphical data through a distributed application, however, does not require specialized hardware or software on every node in the network. There is also a need for a single executable application that may be used in a collaborative way, yet may selectively grant control to remote users and runs on most existing client platforms and operating systems. In short, there is a need for a system that operates on most hardware platforms and enables high remote frame rates, transparent remote collaboration processes, and per-component adaptive resolutions while eliminating the need for any client processes, daemons, hardware image compression, software image compression, stream compression and/or data compression.1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to a system and a method for manufacturing cigarettes, suited for the manufacture of cigarettes of higher hardness.
2. Description of the Related Art
In general, a cigarette manufacturing machine comprises a cut tobacco supply section, a wrapping section, and a cutting section. The wrapping section is supplied with a paper web, which travels in one direction in the wrapping section. The supply section feeds cut tobacco onto the paper web at the starting end of the wrapping section. As the cut tobacco, along with the paper web, passes through the wrapping section, it is wrapped in the web to form a continuous cigarette rod. Thereafter, the formed cigarette rod is delivered from the wrapping section to the cutting section. As it passes through the cutting section, the cigarette rod is cut into individual cigarettes with a predetermined length.
An example of the supply section of a cigarette manufacturing machine is disclosed in Jpn. Pat. Appln. KOKOKU Publication No. 40-14560. This conventional supply section is provided with an endless suction band, that is, a tobacco band as it is called. The tobacco band extends toward the wrapping section, and has one surface formed as a suction surface. Cut tobacco is attracted in a layer to the suction surface of the tobacco band. As the tobacco band travels, the cut tobacco layer is transported toward the wrapping section. The tobacco layer is released from the attraction at the starting end of the wrapping section, whereupon the cut tobacco is continuously fed from the tobacco band onto the paper web at the wrapping section.
As shown in FIG. 1, a cut tobacco layer T.sub.L is formed of individual tobacco shreds K.sub.T which are stacked on a suction surface of a tobacco band 1. Thereafter, the tobacco shred K.sub.T of the layer is fed onto a paper web at the wrapping section.
As the paper web 2, along with the tobacco shreds K.sub.T, passes through the wrapping section, it is first bent in the shape of a U, as shown in FIG. 2. Thereafter, both sides of the U-shaped web 2 are successively bent in a circular arc, whereupon a continuous cigarette rod is formed.
FIG. 3 shows a filter cigarette which is formed of a cigarette obtained by cutting the cigarette rod and a filter connected to the cigarette. FIG. 4 shows an end face of the filter cigarette. In FIGS. 3 and 4, reference numeral 3 denotes a lap portion which combines both side edges of the paper web 2.
As is evident from the foregoing description of the process for forming the cigarette rod, the tobacco shreds K.sub.T on the paper web 2 are kept substantially in layers even though they are wrapped in the web 2. Also, most of the tobacco shreds K.sub.T in the cigarette are oriented in one direction.
More specifically, most of the tobacco shreds K.sub.T are obtained by cutting tobacco leaves. As shown in the exaggerated view of FIG. 5, these tobacco shreds K.sub.T are rectangular fragments each having a pair of long sides K.sub.le with a length L and a pair of short sides K.sub.se with a length S.
Most of these fragments K.sub.T tend to be attracted to the tobacco band 1 with an orientation such that their respective long sides K.sub.le extend along the traveling direction of the tobacco band 1. As shown in FIGS. 1 and 2, therefore, most of the stacked fragments K.sub.T are oriented so that their short sides K.sub.se extend parallel to the cross section of the tobacco band 1 or the paper web 2, and their long sides K.sub.le at right angles to the cross section.
As viewed from the end face of the cigarette shown in FIG. 4, most of the individual tobacco shreds K.sub.T are wrapped in the paper web 2 in a manner such that their short sides K.sub.se extend parallel to the lap portion 3 of the cigarette.
The tobacco shreds K.sub.T more easily undergo elastic deformation when their opposite surfaces K.sub.F (see FIG. 5) are subjected to external forces than when their long and short sides K.sub.le and K.sub.se receive external forces.
Thus, if the cigarette is subjected to external forces in the direction A--A, as shown in FIG. 5, these forces act on the opposite surfaces of most of the tobacco shreds K.sub.T in the cigarette, so that the outer peripheral surface of the cigarette is easily deformed.
If the cigarette is subjected to external forces in the direction B--B, on the other hand, these forces act on the long sides K.sub.le of most of the tobacco shreds K.sub.T in the cigarette, so that the outer peripheral surface of the cigarette cannot be easily deformed.
This hardness characteristic of the cigarette is also indicated by the result of an experiment. More specifically, the hardness of the cigarette is 5% higher in the direction B--B than in the direction A--A.
If the hardness of the cigarette is thus irregular with respect to the circumferential direction thereof, the outer peripheral surface of the cigarette is easily deformed.1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to the shaping of masonry materials, and in particular to a manually operated apparatus and process for cutting bricks, tile or the like.
2. Description of the Related Art
The use of relatively brittle materials, such as brick and tile, as decorative building materials is well known in the art. These materials are known as masonry materials. Masonry materials are generally supplied to the work site in standard shapes and sizes. During construction using these materials, it is a requirement that these building materials be cut into the shapes required to fit in a particular position in a project. Quite often there is a need to accurately cut large numbers of bricks to the same particular shape. In other cases tiles or bricks of a number of different shapes may be needed. A great deal of time may be consumed shaping materials on a construction site.
Often the exact shape needed is determined on the job site by masons or other construction workers of various skill levels. When materials are cut improperly, the need to repeat the shaping operation results in the waste of time and materials and increases the cost for completing a construction project.
The design of the apparatus used to cut bricks, tiles, and other brittle construction materials can contribute to efficiency on the construction site in a number of ways. Hydraulic press cutters, saws and mechanical cutters have been used to cut bricks, tile and other brittle materials to the desired shapes. Some of these devices are relatively expensive. Cost considerations can limit the number of cutting devices used on a work site, thus introducing inefficiencies in completing work. Logistical considerations involved with the supply of electrical power on a construction site can limit the placement and number of electrically powered cutting devices that can be made available on a job site. When the cutting devices are limited in number or placed inconveniently far from where shaped materials are being used, the resulting inefficiency of workflow may increase the time and cost required for a construction project.
Another consideration is the portability and compactness of the cutting device. If a cutting device is easily moved from one place to another and does not require large amounts of space when in use, the device can be located convenient to the place where masonry materials are used, resulting in increased efficiency and reduced time and cost to complete a project.
It would therefore be desirable to provide a cutting apparatus for cutting bricks, tiles, and other brittle construction materials which is compact, portable and manually operated. It is desirable that the apparatus be capable of making repeated cuts of materials to a given shape or dimension and that the apparatus be quickly adjustable to deliver different shapes or to accommodate the size and shape of bricks, tiles or other materials. It is also desirable that the apparatus be simple to operate.
French Patent 2,553,025, published on Apr. 12, 1985, describes a tile and brick cutting apparatus with a movable and a fixed cutting blade. The apparatus is distinguishable by the means provided for moving the upper blade.
Thus, a brick cutter solving the aforementioned problems is desired.The piecing up of a thread after a thread breakage or after a clearer cut is carried out predominantly in an automated manner in modern open-end spinning machines, whereas the piecing is carried out either by a robot that can be moved along the spinning stations of the open-end spinning machine or by handling elements of the individual spinning station. In any case, initially, multiple preliminary work steps are always required for the piecing of a thread, which are carried out successively in a chronological sequence or in some cases parallel to each other. The work steps may comprise, for example, searching for a thread end on the bobbin surface that accrues on the bobbin, rewinding the thread end from the bobbin, preparing the yarn end for re-start of spinning, cleaning the spinning element, returning the prepared yarn end to the spinning element, and the like. By contrast, the actual piecing operation begins with the return of the thread end into the spinning element. Likewise, upon the splicing of a thread on a winding machine or other thread connecting processes on textile machines, a multiple number of preparatory work steps, successively in a chronological sequence or in some cases parallel to each other, are required.
With known textile machines, the individual work steps are always carried out with a cycle time that is constant over time; that is, the time period of the respective piecing step is fixed and also always lasts the same amount of time in different piecing processes. The cycle time is selected in such a manner that, on the one hand, an advantageous, short cycle time for this step is achieved in order to stop the work station of the textile machine for only a very short time; on the other hand, however, an acceptable success rate is achieved for this piecing step, such that time-consuming repetitions of piecing operations can be avoided.
In order to improve the success rate of individual work steps, some measures have already been proposed.
For example, DE 35 02 118 A1 describes a pneumatic cleaning process for cleaning friction surfaces of a friction spinning machine, in order to control the point in time and the time period of the pneumatic cleaning as a function of the degree of dirtiness to be expected. However, details are not provided as to the manner in which the degree of dirtiness to be expected is determined, and how the adjustment to the cleaning time takes place.
DE 44 18 743 C2 describes an optimization of the thread searching process that is intended to improve the certainty of finding the thread on the bobbin surface. In doing so, the sucking in of the thread end by a suction nozzle is monitored by means of a sensor. If, after a predetermined time period, the thread ending is absent, the rewinding speed of the bobbin is reduced (for example, to less than one third of the usual rewinding speed), in order to expose the thread end to the suction air stream for a longer period of time and thereby facilitate the sucking in of the thread end.
By means of such measures, an overall cost-effective operation of a textile machine can be achieved. However, such a control, directed at the success rate, of the individual work steps often has unfavorable effects on machine efficiency.Flooding is a problem in underdeveloped, emerging and even developed countries and can be a problem in low lying rural, suburban and even urban areas where drainage is less than optimal or has been compromised. Every year people die from drowning as a direct consequence of flooding situations. Even after the event that triggered the flooding ends, unforeseeable dangers can still be present in the areas where stagnant or slow draining water remains. Such circumstances can present a greater hazard specifically because the flood cause has ended, since people will be more inclined to discount the danger.
In some cases, this can be because of their lack of awareness of situations that did not exist prior to the flood, for example, channels cut by the original moving water, sinkholes or depressions, displaced manhole covers, etc., rendering the water in some places deeper than it might appear from the surface or would be presumed based upon a person's knowledge of the pre-flood topography. In such cases, even persons familiar with the highly local topography of that specific area may be misled into thinking that it is safe to cross the remaining water, because they are unaware of the changed situation under the water. For example, an adult attempting to cross a flooded street to safety by wading through what appears to them be about 0.5 meters (about 2 feet) to 1 meter (about 3 feet) of non-flowing water could easily find themselves in grave danger if the water conceals an open manhole directly in their path or a deep channel or sinkhole, caused by the previously flowing water, is now in their path.
In an attempt to prevent some drowning situations in commonly flooded or flood-prone areas, permanent infrastructure may be installed to warn people regarding the depth of the water at a point in the topography known to be the lowest point. Those warning systems may be as simple as poles with markings to indicate height of the water or more sophisticated warnings that rely upon floats or other technology. Such warning systems operate under the premise that, if one knows the depth at the lowest point, everywhere else will have a lesser depth. However, as noted above, those warning systems operate in the specific place where they are located and typically will not be able to account for flood-caused topographical changes, even nearby.
Moreover, such indicators cannot typically be used in, for example, the middle of a roadway, and, being fixed in place, cannot account for unusual flooding circumstances or a flood situation in locations where flooding is not common.
More recently, in the attempts have been made to identify areas where hazards exist, for example flooding, and to put out alerts via the mobile phone networks to warn persons in the area. For example, in the United States, the mobile industry, along with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) and Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), developed the Wireless Emergency Alerts (WEA) to send concise, text-like messages to users' WEA-capable mobile devices to alert users to, for example, imminent threats that include severe man-made or natural disasters, such as hurricanes, earthquakes, tornadoes, etc., or other circumstances where an imminent threat to life or property exists.
WEA use a point-to-multipoint system, so that alert messages are only sent to those within a targeted area, unlike phone, e-mail, text messages which are not location dependent. Thus, if a New York resident is in Arizona and has a WEA-capable device, and a flash flood warning issues for that area of Arizona, their device would receive an “Imminent Threat Alert” because they are within the designated area for the alert. However, alerts are no more than 90 characters, and generally only include: (i) who is sending the alert, (ii) what is happening, (iii) who is affected, and (iv) what action to take.
Canada has implemented a similar system to provide alerts via all television stations, radio stations, and broadcast distribution undertakings. In addition, the province of Alberta has its own system that broadcasts emergency and information alert messages through RSS feeds, social networks, and mobile apps.
In Europe, European Flood Awareness System is involved monitoring and forecasting floods across Europe. It provides complementary, flood early warning information up to 10 days in advance to its partner entities including the European Emergency Response Coordination Centre which collects and analyses real-time information on disasters, monitors hazards, prepares plans for the deployment of experts, teams and equipment, and works with Member States to map available assets and coordinate the EU's disaster response efforts.
In Japan, the Japan Meteorological Agency issues warnings for meteorological phenomena such as heavy rain, storms, storm surges, high waves, heavy snow and snowstorms and disseminates them through television, radio, internet and loudspeaker vans.
While these systems are a significant improvement in some cases, they are all clearly intended for broad general warnings, typically before the fact, and do not provide sufficient granularity to address highly local, let alone surface-invisible, unusual situations.
Moreover, such alert systems don't exist at all in less developed locations in many parts of Asia where variable flooding is an ongoing problem.
Thus, there is a significant technological problem regarding determining local flood depth conditions over a given local area, and providing alerts relating to local occult flood-caused conditions, in flooded areas where flooding is uncommon. Moreover, this technological problem potentially exists even within commonly flooded areas because, as noted above, local conditions can vary unexpectedly due to flood-caused hazards or changes in topography or due to particular unusual circumstances.1. Field of the Invention
The present invention related to a wiring board with built-in capacitors. Specifically, the invention relates to a wiring board with built-in capacitors, which has a multilayer wiring structure and capable of mounting an IC chip thereon.
2. Description of the Prior Art
In a proposed wiring board on which an IC chip can be mounted, a thin film capacitor is connected between a power line and a ground line of the IC chip to realize decoupling and restrain instantaneous lowering of the potential of the power line due to switching noise resulting from high-speed ON/OFF of the mounted IC chip. For example, in a substrate disclosed in Patent Document 1 (JP 2005-191266 A), a plurality of capacitors which are differing in dielectric film thickness are connected in parallel between a power line and a ground line of an IC chip to reduce the impedance across a wider range of frequencies in comparison to a substrate using a single capacitor.This invention relates to a fuse for connection in and protection of an electrical circuit.
Various fuse devices have been developed for connection into an electrical circuit to open the circuit in response to abnormal current conditions. The fuse elements may include a current conductor which will carry normal current. Preselected abnormal currents result in heating of the element to a fusing level which results in disruption of element and opening of the circuit. This of course is desirable to protect the electrical devices in the circuit. A visual indicator identifying a particular actuated fuse unit is, of course, also often desirable. Various indicating systems have also been suggested. For example, U.S. Pat. No. 2,165,636 which issued July 11, 1939 for an electric fuse, discloses an end-mounted spring element secured to the exterior end of an elongated fuse and interconnected to a fusible element. Abnormal current disrupts and opens the fuse element, releasing the spring structure which then falls from the fuse to provide an indication of the fuse response. An external coil spring includes one end connected to the fuse element by two or three turns of the spring thereon and the opposite end provided with an integral guide for guiding of the fuse element back through the opening into and through the housing. The fuse wire extends from the spring member and is affixed to the terminal external to the housing and spring structure. When the fuse burns open, the spring expands and also drops down such that the hanging unit provides a visual indication of the fuse disruption. Another elongated fuse structure having a special indicator is shown in a more recently issued U.S. Pat. No. 4,023,877 which issued June 28, 1977 and is assigned to the same assignee as the present application. The fuse structure shown therein is a cartridge type adapted to be inserted in a fuse clip assembly. The fuse structure includes an elongated housing having cup-shaped end terminals. A fuse unit within the housing is connected between the end terminals, and in particular includes a relatively heavy rod-like non-fusible element. The one end of the non-fusible element is secured to the one end contact by a fusible material. The rod extends through the housing and terminates in spaced relation to the second contact. A coil spring encircles the rod and acts between a central abutment and the end of the rod. Abnormal current flow disrupts the fusible material and releases the connection to the rod. This releases the spring which expands and carries the indicator rod outwardly, with the total expansion being selected to move the head outwardly of the housing. Thus, both ends of the housing define an indicator of the fuse response. Thus, the one end provides a distinct opening while the opposite end had the solid rod projecting outwardly.
Although various prior art devices have been suggested, there is a need for a relatively reliable but inexpensive fuse indicator structure for elongated tubular fuse elements.The present invention relates to pallet-making machines in general, and in particular to nail-driving chucks for use in pallet-making machines.
The forerunners of today's wooden pallets were developed during World War II to assist the armed forces in moving large amounts of goods in short time periods with forklift trucks. Wooden pallet usage has increased explosively since that time.
Automated pallet-making machines were developed in response to the high demand for wood pallets and now occupy an important position in the pallet manufacturing industry. The primary function of these pallet-making machines is the automatic nailing of pallet boards which have been positioned either manually or with some assistance from the pallet-making machine.
Automated pallet-making machines often use drive pins or rams to drive nails being held by a chuck into boards located below the chuck. Nails driven into the component boards of a pallet must be countersunk so that the nail heads do not protrude above the top surface of the boards. Countersinking is important because bags or packages containing goods which are placed on pallets can be torn by nail heads protruding above the boards.
Depending upon the pallet buyer's specifications, pallet manufacturers countersink the top of the nails to different depths below the top surface of the pallet boards. This change in countersink depth has traditionally been made by changing the relative distance between the board end of the nailing chuck and the drive end of the nailing chuck so that the pin's final extended position of the nail-driving pin is changed relative to the board end of the nailing chuck.
An example of such a countersink adjustment apparatus is shown in the Wallin U.S. Pat. No. 4,782,989. In the Wallin patent the board end of the nailing chuck and the drive end of the nailing chuck are connected together by threads. The drive end of the nailing chuck contains female threads and the board end of the nailing chuck contains male threads. Where the drive end and the board end connect, a female threaded lock ring selectively locks the board end of the nailing chuck in position. The drive end of the nailing chuck is independently fastened in place so that the drive end cannot rotate about the longitudinal axis of the nailing chuck.
The board end of the chuck can be selectively rotated about the longitudinal axis of the nailing chuck while connected to the drive end of the chuck to change the relative distance from the board end of the chuck to the drive end of the chuck. The nail-driving pin is connected to the drive end of the chuck and extends into the board end of the chuck. When the distance from the board end of the chuck to the drive end of the chuck is changed, the position of the nail-driving pin, relative to the board end of the chuck, is also changed since the position of the nail-driving pin is fixed relative to the drive end of the chuck. Consequently, by changing the position of the board end of the chuck relative to the drive end of the chuck, the final extended position of the nail-driving pin can be adjusted relative to the board end of the chuck, and the nail countersink depth can be selectively changed.
One complication of this nail countersink depth adjustment method is that automatic nail feeding devices are often connected to the board end of the chuck. Since the board end of the chuck must be rotated to adjust the countersink depth, the automatic nail feeding device must be removed from the board end of the chuck prior to its adjustment and must be reattached following adjustment of the countersink depth. Since the automatic pallet-making machinery does not operate when the chuck is not operating, pallet making is suspended during the time required for removing and reattaching the automatic nail feeding equipment to the board end of the chuck and during the relatively short period of time required for actual adjustment of the board end of the chuck relative to the drive end of the chuck.With a semiconductor testing system (including so-called an IC tester, LSI tester, and so forth; hereinafter referred to merely as a tester), it is necessary to supply a device as a test subject {hereinafter referred to as a DUT (Device Under Test)} with a voltage with high precision in order to inspect and test the DUT with good precision. Accordingly, a tester is provided with a power supply assembly capable of outputting a voltage with high precision. Determination on whether or not a DUT is acceptable has been made by taking measurements on current flowing from the power supply assembly to the DUT. The DUT includes, for example, an IC, LSI, and so forth (refer to, for example, Patent Document 1).
FIG. 6 is a block diagram showing a configuration of a tester using a conventional power supply assembly.
In FIG. 6, a power supply assembly 100 is installed in a tester main body, and comprises a voltage buffer 1, a DAC 2, an error amplifier 3, an output amplifier 4, a current detection circuit 5, and a current measurement circuit 6, wherein the power supply assembly 100 outputs voltage and current to a DUT 7 while monitoring a level of a voltage applied to the DUT 7.
The DUT 7 is a load, and has a plurality of terminals for input/output, and a predetermined voltage Vout is applied from the power supply assembly 100 to a desired terminal (a DUT terminal). Further, the DUT 7 is placed on the top of a performance board (not shown) of a test head (not shown) of the tester.
The voltage buffer 1 has a noninverting input terminal, to which an applied voltage Vout to the DUT 7 is inputted. The DAC 2 is a kind of a voltage generation circuit, and outputs a predetermined set voltage Vout. An output voltage from the voltage buffer 1, and an output voltage from the DAC 2 are inputted to the error amplifier 3.
An error signal from the error amplifier 3 is inputted to the output amplifier 4, which either increase or decrease amperage to the DUT terminal of the DUT 7, thereby applying a voltage Vout as corrected by an error portion to the DUT 7. Further, with the output amplifier 4, an output terminal is connected to an inverting input terminal. Still further, the output amplifier 4 is driven by a power supply voltage (voltage level: VDD on the plus side, and VEE on the minus side) from a power supply unit U 1. In this case, the power supply unit U 1 constantly outputs a voltage at a given level regardless of an output voltage, and an output current of the output amplifier 4.
The current detection circuit 5 is provided between the output amplifier 4, and the DUT 7. The current measurement circuit 6 takes measurements on current by the agency of a signal from the current detection circuit 5. Further, the power supply voltage from the power supply unit U 1 is also fed to the voltage buffer 1, the DAC 2, the error amplifier 3, the current detection circuit 5, and so forth, although not shown in the figure.
Operation of the tester is described hereinafter.
The DAC 2 outputs the predetermined set voltage Vout. A voltage signal from the DAC 2 is inputted to a noninverting input terminal of the error amplifier 3, and a voltage being applied to the DUT 7 is inputted to an inverting input terminal of the error amplifier 3 via the voltage buffer 1, as being fed back.
Further, the error amplifier 3 amplifies an error within a amplifier 4. Then, the output amplifier 4 increases or decreases the amperage fed to the DUT 7 on the basis of the error signal from the error amplifier 3 so as to reduce a voltage error at the error amplifier 3. That is, the set voltage of the DAC 2 is used as a reference.
The applied voltage to the DUT 7, after varied by an increase or a decrease in amperage, is fed back again to the error amplifier 3 via the voltage buffer 1, and the error amplifier 3 detects an error. Further, the output amplifier 4 causes an increase or a decrease in amperage so as to reduce the error. Thus, a level of the voltage applied to the DUT 7 is finally rendered equivalent to that of the set voltage Vout of the DAC 2 to be subsequently maintained.
Meanwhile, the current detection circuit 5 converts current applied to the DUT 7 into voltage, and an ADC (not shown) of the current measurement circuit 6 executes A/D conversion of the voltage to be then outputted to a determination circuit (not shown) in a later stage, whereupon the determination circuit determines whether or not the DUT 7 is acceptable.
FIG. 7 is a block diagram showing a configuration of a tester with a plurality of channels of the power supply assemblies 100 mounted therein. The power supply assemblies 100 each apply a voltage to different terminals of a DUT 7, however, the power supply voltage (VDD, VEE) from the same power supply unit U 1 is supplied to respective output amplifiers 4.
Further, a primary cause for occurrence of the error between the set voltage of the DAC 2, and the applied voltage to the DUT 7 is occurrence of a potential difference between a preference potential of the DAC 2, and a reference potential of the DUT 7. The DUT 7 is normally connected to the ground at a reference potential of a whole tester (the reference potential of the DAC 2 as well is equivalent to the ground potential as the reference potential of the whole tester). Upon flow of current at a large amperage to the DUT 7, however, a voltage drop occurs to a signal line form the DUT 7 to the ground. Accordingly, the reference potential of a system ground differs from the reference potential of the DUT 7 (voltages at respective terminals of the DUT 7, at the reference potential thereof), thereby causing a difference between the reference potential of the DAC 2, and the reference potential of the DUT 7. Other causes for the error include, for example, a voltage drop accompanying resistance in flow paths up to the current detection circuit 5, and up to the DUT 7, respectively.
[Patent Document 1] JP 2005-98896 A
With the structure of the power supply assembly and semiconductor testing system using same, the output voltage of the power supply assembly 100 has a variable voltage level, that is, the set voltage that can be outputted by the DAC 2 is rendered variable so as to be able to cope with the kind of a device, and various test items. To give an example of a specification, the output voltage is set in a range of 0 to 10 V. The power supply voltage level of the output amplifier 4 need to have a potential difference equivalent to the output voltage outputted by the output amplifier 4 with a bias voltage added thereto. For example, there is the need for the potential difference ΔV=approx. 5 V. Accordingly, because the level of the power supply voltage (VDD, VEE) supplied to the output amplifier 4 is fixed, the level of the power supply voltage VDD on the plus side need be at least 15 V in order to meet the specification in respect of the output voltage of the power supply assembly 100.
Further, in the case where a plus current Iout is consumed at the DUT 7, the current lout is fed to the DUT 7 via a plus side power supply voltage terminal (the voltage level VDD side) of the output amplifier 4. In the case where a minus current Iout is consumed at the DUT 7, the current Iout is absorbed from the DUT 7 via a minus side power supply voltage terminal (the voltage level VEE side) of the output amplifier 4.
And, the power supply voltage levels VDD, VEE (that is, the respective levels of the voltages outputted by the power supply unit U 1) of the output amplifier 4 are under control by a constant voltage operation without depending on the set voltage of the DAC 2, and the current Iout consumed at the DUT 7.
Now, FIG. 8 is a conceptual view showing consumed power of the output amplifier 4, as a loss of a plus side output. Assuming by way of example that VDD=15 V, Vout=1 V, and Iout=5 A, power loss at the output amplifier 4 will be 70 W={(the power supply voltage level−the output voltage level)×the output current}. Further, if Vout=0 V, a loss of consumed power will be 75 W at the maximum. Then, the consumed power is released in the form of heat from the output amplifier 4.
FIG. 9 is a conceptual view showing the total current and output power which the power supply assemblies 100 in whole can output when the plurality of the channels of the power supply assemblies 100 are mounted as shown in FIG. 7. Assuming by way of example that Vout=10 V (the maximum output level), ΔV=5 V, and rated output power of the power supply unit U 1=150 W, the total current will be 10 A at the maximum regardless of the set voltage of the DAC 2, so that the lower the voltage level of the set voltage, the lower will be utilization efficiency of electric power.
In particular, there have lately been seen trends for lower voltage and lager amperage in the case of a device used as the DUT 7 to be measured by a semiconductor testing system. In the case of outputting a large amperage at such a low voltage to the device, a heat release problem with the conventional power supply assembly 100 has posed a very significant problem. Accordingly, a heat release design for the power supply assembly 100 becomes larger in scale, thereby creating causes for an increase in size as well as cost of the power supply assembly 100.
In addition, because the semiconductor testing system has a multitude of the power supply assemblies 100, magnitude of heat release becomes significant, and reduction in size of the power supply assembly is difficult to implement, so that there has arisen a problem of difficulty in checking the cost thereof.Many commercially available meat products are prepared and packaged by the manufacturer to be cooked and eaten by the consumer, without the need for further preparation or processing. While this may be convenient for the consumer who is rushed or unmindful of the aesthetic aspects of a meal, it is also a fact that many consumers also desire to serve, or have their meals served, in a variety of different presentations. Insofar as meat products are concerned, the presentation will depend not only on how the meat product has been cooked, but on how it has been cut, as well.
For the preparation of cylindrical shaped meat products, such as hot dogs, wieners and sausages, cutting can basically be accomplished in either of two ways. First, the meat product can be cut into pieces or slices. Meat products in this first category include cold cuts, such as bologna and pepperoni. Second, and heretofore not so common, the meat product can be superficially incised with unique multiple superficial cuts to at least partially expose the interior of the sausage or hot dog. This can also produce interesting, entertaining and functional patterns on the meat product. If meat products in this second category are superficially incised prior to cooking, several practical benefits in addition to an added aesthetic value can be realized. Specifically, these benefits will include the more even and thorough cooking of the meat product that is made possible by the superficial incisions. Further, with the more even cooking there is more extensive killing of bacteria and, with the superficial incisions, more excess fat is released while the meat product cooks. Additionally, after the meat product has been properly cooked, the superficial incisions provide a more textured surface for holding various toppings on the meat product. In the case of hot dogs, when they are eaten with hot dog buns, the superficial incisions will help hold the meat product on the bun. Perhaps most importantly, the discontinuities provided by the superficial incisions make it easier for young children and elderly persons to bite into and chew the cooked meat product. Finally, due to the increased flexibility afforded a cooked meat product with superficial incisions as indicated for the present invention, the cooked meat product can be easily straightened, or otherwise configured, to make the meat product more easily held in a bun.
If done by hand, the cutting of superficial incisions into the surface of a hot dog or another similar type meat product can be quite time consuming. This is particularly so if many hot dogs are involved, and if care is taken to insure the incisions are cut to a uniform depth into the meat product. Further, even simple superficial incisions into the surface of a hot dog may be difficult to execute. This difficulty is only increased if fanciful and precise patterns are desired.
In light of the above it is an object of the present invention to provide a tool for incising the surface of a cylindrical shaped meat product which cuts the meat product to a substantially uniform depth along the length of the incision. It is another object of the present invention to provide a tool for incising the surface of a cylindrical shaped meat product which cuts the meat product with a fanciful and precise pattern. Still another object of the present invention is to provide a tool for incising the surface of a cylindrical shaped meat product to expose the interior of the meat product for more even and thorough cooking. Yet another object of the present invention is to provide a tool for incising the surface of a cylindrical shaped meat product which is easy to use, relatively simple to manufacture, and comparatively cost effective.1. Field of Invention
The present invention relates to a method of driving a display device such that a gray-scale image is displayed by using pulse width modulation with reduced electrical power consumption. The present invention also relates to a driver circuit based on such a method, a display device, and an electronic device.
2. Description of Related Art
In general, a portable electronic device includes a display device for presenting various kinds of information to a user. In such display devices, information is displayed using an electrooptical change in an electrooptical material. For example, liquid crystal display devices are widely used for this purpose. In recent years, it has become desirable that display devices be not only capable of simply providing an achromatic display (ON/OFF or two-value black and white), but also be capable of representing a large number of gray levels so that images of intermediate gray levels can be displayed.
However, in portable electronic devices which are powered by a battery, it is very important that the portable electronic devices operate with small power consumption. As is well known, extremely greater power consumption is needed to display a gray-scale image relative to that which is needed to display a simple black-and-white image. That is, in display devices for use in portable electronic devices, it is necessary to meet the requirements of having the capability of displaying a gray-scale image and having small power consumption, which often conflict with each other.
In view of the above, it is an object of the present invention to provide a method of driving a display device so as to display a gray-scale image without causing a significant increase in power consumption, a driver circuit for implementing the method and a display device using such a method, and an electronic device using such a display device.
According to a first aspect of the present invention, there is provided a method of driving a display device so as to display a gray-scale image by driving pixels disposed at locations corresponding to respective intersections of a plurality of scanning lines extending along rows and a plurality of data lines extending along columns. The method comprising the steps of: selecting a single scanning line from the plurality of scanning lines during one horizontal scanning period and applying a selection voltage to the scanning line during one of half periods of the horizontal scanning period; and selecting a single scanning line adjacent to the previously selected scanning line during following one horizontal scanning period and applying a selection voltage to the adjacent scanning line during the other one of the half periods of the horizontal scanning period; while at the same time applying a turn-on or turn-off voltage to a pixel at a location corresponding to a selected scanning line via a corresponding data line such that the turn-on voltage is applied during a period with a length corresponding to a gray level in the period during which the selection voltage is applied and the turn-off voltage is applied during the remaining period. In this first aspect of the present invention, a reduction is achieved in the number of times the voltage applied to a data line is switched between the turn-on voltage and the turn-off voltage during an operation of displaying pixels having intermediate gray levels, and thus it is possible to reduce electric power consumed in switching the voltage.
In this first aspect of the present invention, in the case where only white or black pixels are displayed and no intermediate gray levels are displayed, the number of times the voltage applied to a data line is switched between the turn-on voltage and the turn-off voltage does not decrease, and thus an increase in power consumption can occur. To avoid such a problem, in this first aspect of the present invention, it is specified whether or not the mode should be changed. In the case where it is specified that the mode should be changed, when the adjacent scanning line is selected in the following one horizontal scanning period, the selection voltage is preferably applied to the adjacent scanning line during one of half periods of the horizontal scanning period. That is, when an intermediate level is not displayed, the mode is changed to prevent an increase in power consumption.
A command to change the mode may be issued by an application, or a user. Alternatively, the gray level data associated with the pixels are examined, and a command to change the mode may be issued depending upon a result of the examination. In this case, it is preferable that the mode shift be specified when the number of pixels successively aligned along a column in which pixels will be displayed in a single color of either black or white exceeds a predetermined number of pixels located along a single scanning line that will be selected. This prevents an increase in power consumption.
Furthermore, in the first aspect of the present invention, it is preferable that the mode shift be prevented when pixels the number of pixels successively aligned along a column in which black and white pixels will be displayed alternately exceeds a predetermined number of pixels located along a single scanning line that will be selected. This is because if the mode is changed in such a case, an increase occurs in the number of times the voltage applied to the data line of the pixels is switched between the turn-on voltage and the turn-off voltage, and thus power consumption increases.
According to a second aspect of the present invention, in order to achieve the above-described object, there is provided a driver circuit for driving a display device so as to display a gray-scale image by driving pixels disposed at locations corresponding to respective intersections of a plurality of scanning lines extending along rows and a plurality of data lines extending along columns. The driver circuit comprising: a scanning line driver circuit for selecting out of said plurality of scanning lines a single scanning line during a horizontal scanning period and applying a selection voltage to the scanning line during one of two half periods that said horizontal scanning period has been divided into, and for selecting a single scanning line adjacent to the previously selected scanning line during the subsequent horizontal scanning period and applying a selection voltage to the adjacent scanning line during the other of the two half periods of said horizontal scanning period; and a data line driver circuit for applying a turn-on or turn-off voltage to a pixel at a location corresponding to the scanning line selected the scanning line driver circuit via a corresponding data line such that the turn-on voltage is applied during a period with a length corresponding to a gray level in the period during which said selection voltage is applied and the turn-off voltage is applied during the remaining period. According to this second aspect of the present invention, as with the first aspect of the present invention, a reduction can be achieved in the number of times the voltage applied to a data line is switched between the turn-on voltage and the turn-off voltage, and thus it is possible to reduce electric power consumed in switching the voltage.
According to a third aspect of the present invention, to achieve the above-described object, there is provided a display device for displaying a gray-scale image by driving pixels disposed at locations corresponding to respective intersections of a plurality of scanning lines extending along rows and a plurality of data lines extending along columns. The display device comprising: a scanning line driver circuit for selecting out of the plurality of scanning lines a single scanning line during a horizontal scanning period and a selection voltage to the scanning line during one of two half periods that the horizontal scanning period has been divided into, and selecting a single scanning line adjacent to the previously selected scanning line during the subsequent horizontal scanning period and applying a selection voltage to the adjacent scanning line during the other of the two half periods of the horizontal scanning period; and a data line driver circuit for applying a turn-on or turn-off voltage to a pixel at a location corresponding to the scanning line selected the scanning line driver circuit via a corresponding data line such that the turn-on voltage is applied during a period with a length corresponding to a gray level in the period during which said selection voltage is applied and the turn-off voltage is applied during the remaining period. According to this third aspect of the present invention, as with the first or the second aspect of the present invention, a reduction is achieved in the number of times the voltage applied to a data line is switched between the turn-on voltage and the turn-off voltage, and thus it is possible to reduce electric power consumed in switching the voltage.
In this third aspect of the present invention, the pixel preferably includes a switching element and a capacitor driven by the switching element. In this construction, a selected pixel and a non-selected pixel is electrically isolated from each other by the switching element, and thus good contrast and response can be obtained and a high-quality image can be displayed.
In this construction, the switching element is a thin film diode having a conductor/insulation/conductor structure. In this case, one end of the thin film diode is connected to either a scanning line or a data line, and the other end thereof is connected to the capacitor. When the thin film diode is used as the switching element, the production process becomes simpler. Besides, principally, no short-circuited path is created between a scanning line and a data line.
According to a fourth aspect of the present invention, there is provided an electronic device including a display device according to the previous aspect of the invention. The electronic device according to the present invention is capable of displaying a gray-scale image with reduced power consumption.1. Technical Field
The present invention relates to the field of medical items used during surgery. In particular, the invention pertains to an improved fenestrated surgical drape.
2. Description of the Related Art
Surgical drapes are used during surgery to create a sterile barrier around the surgical site. Surgical drapes having fenestrations, or openings, that are specifically designed for certain surgical procedures are well known. Typically, such drapes are structured with pre-shaped and pre-sized openings in contemplation of providing surgical access to a specific anatomical site of the patient. In this category of drape, the fenestration or opening is used for surgical access. 
Another type of fenestrated drape is that which is configured to accommodate the anatomy through the fenestration but also to create the sterile field between the body portion containing the surgical site and the remainder of the patient's body via a conformable aperture. Thus, in this type of surgical drape, the fenestration provides surgical access and the aperture provides surgical isolation by sealing against the patient's body. One example of this type of fenestrated drape is one in which the aperture is elastomeric and generally dimensioned to accommodate a limb or other anatomical extension. Thus, when the limb is inserted through the opening, minor variations in natural geometry are accommodated by the flexibility of the elastomeric material. The elastomeric material further forms a tight seal circumscribing the anatomy, thereby forming a sterile barrier separating the surgical site from the remainder of the patient's body. Elastomeric aperture type fenestrated drapes afford the advantage of creating a secure air and fluid barrier between the sterile and non-sterile sites without requiring the use of supplemental tourniquets, taping and the like.
Current such fenestrated drapes are constructed by superimposing panels and portions of materials to seal the apertured panel to the base drape. The seal between the layers is conventionally formed using adhesives, such as double-sided adhesive areas to create a “square” seal around the perimeter of the aperture and the opening in the base drape.
One problem associated with current fenestrated surgical drapes is the risk of compromising the sterile field at the surgical site. In particular, although the elastomeric fit circumscribing the limb or other anatomical extension  reduces the likelihood of contamination through the immediate area around the aperture, the perimeter of the apertured panel is still nevertheless dependent upon the adhesive between layers for the microbial barrier. Fluid, for example, can potentially transport across the adhesive seal between the layers surrounding the apertured panel.
Another problem with current fenestrated drapes, particularly with apertured panels incorporated into the drape, involves structural integrity. That is to say, current designs experience stress points during their use at certain locations around the perimeter of the attachment sites. On occasion, the stress results in separation of the seams at these sites, thereby compromising the sterile field surrounding the surgical site. Accordingly, the risk of exposure and infection at the surgical site is increased.
There is thus a need in the field of surgical drapes for a drape having an aperture with improved structural integrity and microbial barrier properties at the seal.Microorganisms capable of generating methane are commonly found in the gut flora of animals including ruminants. The microorganisms which produce methane in ruminants result in the loss of energy available to the animal and are also believed to contribute significantly to greenhouse gases.
Specifically, it has been known for many years that suppression of methane production in ruminants can theoretically lead to increased production and much work has been undertaken to reduce methane biosynthesis and achieve production gains in domestic animals. This has been most successfully achieved by modifications to the diet of animals. Diet manipulation is only possible in a limited number of animal production systems and is generally only able to reduce and not completely suppress methane production. A number of approaches to methane suppression in animals are being explored, not only to increase animal production but also to reduce the level of methane in the environment because of its contribution to the "greenhouse" effect.
Bromochloromethane (BMC) and some other related substances are known to show antimethanogenic activity when administered into the rumen of cattle and sheep but they have physical properties which makes impractical their use as antimethanogens in livestock production systems, BCM for example is a volatile liquid, boiling point 69 C., which readily evaporates. Bromoethane sulphonate, another antimethanogen, is difficult to administer because it is water soluble.
While the antimethanogenic properties of BCM and other antimethanogens have been known for more than 25 years no one has identified a practical means of using them to suppress methane production in livestock and obtain production increases.
Thus there has been a long felt need in the animal production field to find a practical means of inhibiting methanogenesis in animals, in particular ruminants.
It may also be desirable to reduce methane production in other animals. Inhibition of methane production would reduce the environmental impact of animals. In the case of domestic animals that inhabit households, it may be desirable to reduce methane production to achieve more pleasant conditions.
Cyclodextrins are cyclic oligosaccharides which have been used in the pharmaceutical and food industries in the preparation of various formulations incorporating active ingredients.1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to a novel picture recording method and apparatus using an ink containing an evaporable coloring matter.
2. Description of the Prior Art
Conventionally, as a picture recording method using a pigment, such a method wherein, for example, the picture recording is effected by pressing a thermal head on the back of the ink ribbon applied with a pigment ink being put on the recording medium, resolving the ink binder by effecting a quick heating and adhering said ink on the recording medium is known. However, this method had such defects as to increase the running cost of the picture recording apparatus because the coloring matter utilizing ratio is so extremely low as to be 1% for the use of ink ribbon and as to be unable to use as a high speed apparatus because a heat diffusion is caused to deteriorate the picture resolution and the recording requires a comparatively long time for the use of the thermal head.1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to the field of electronic design. More specifically, the present invention relates to design creation tools for use by electronic designers to create designs for electronic components, including in particular, integrated electronic components.
2. Background Information
Assisting electronic designers in dealing with the ever increasing complexity of electronic designs (hereinafter, most of the time, simply designs) has long been a recognized need. In the last two decades, the electronic design automation (EDA) tool industry has grown into a multi-billion dollar industry, with a wide range of tools available from an array of manufacturers covering design activities from the beginning to the end of the design cycle.
In the area of design creation, various synthesis tools were introduced in the mid-'80s to assist the designers. These early synthesis tools (which are still in use today) operate at a relatively low level, allowing the designers to specify and optimize the designs at the logic level, also referred to as the gate level. As the complexity of integrated electronic components continued to increase, merely being able to optimize designs at the logic or gate level was no longer sufficient for the designers. A more productive approach was desired. In the late '80s, a new generation of improved synthesis tools became available. These new improved synthesis tools (which have now become the primary design creation tools) are capable of operating at a higher level, allowing the designers to specify and optimize designs at the register transfer level (RTL) as well as at the logic or gate level.
Since then, the complexity of integrated electronic components has continued to increase unabated. Merely being able to optimize designs at the RTL has also become insufficient for the designers for many large designs. Once again, another more productive approach was desired. In recent years, a new type of synthesis tool that complements the earlier RTL and logic level synthesis tools has become available. Together, these synthesis tools enable a designer to operate at an even higher level, specifying and optimizing designs at the behavioral level. However, the current generation of complementary behavioral synthesis tools suffer from a number of drawbacks. First of all, they continue to operate with the RTL and/or logic level synthesis tools' “black box” or batch approach. That is, an “optimized” RTL specification (optimized in the judgment of the synthesis tools) is generated for a designer in response to each set of behavioral specification and constraints provided. (The behavioral specification and constraints are jointly specified.) The designer is unable to interact with the intermediate stages of the generation process to inject or apply his/her knowledge in guiding the generation of the “optimal” design. Once generated, if the designer wants to consider different alternatives, the designer must alter the constraints, which are jointly specified with the behavioral specification, and start the whole synthesis process again. For large designs, it is not uncommon to take hours to re-synthesize, even if the re-synthesis is performed on the more powerful high end workstations. Secondly, the current generation of behavioral synthesis tools have relatively limited capacity. Some of these behavioral synthesis tools recommend having designs partitioned into smaller designs that have less than 150 operations and a speed limit of not more 30 clock cycles (also referred to as c-steps). The smaller designs are behaviorally synthesized individually, and then “merged back” together into the “larger” design.
The increase of complexity of integrated electronic components is not expected to plateau any time in the near future. In fact, the very contrary of an even faster rate of increase is expected. Notwithstanding the relatively recent introduction of the behavioral synthesis tools, it is expected that the prior art approaches to creating electronic designs will be unsatisfactory for handling the larger designs in the near future, which will become the “average” designs in the not too distant future. Thus, an even more productive approach to electronic design creation is desired.A wireless network can provide a flexible data communication system that can either replace or extend a wired network. Using radio frequency (RF) technology, wireless networks transmit and receive data over die air through walls, ceilings and even cement structures without wired cabling. For example, a wireless local area network (WLAN) provides all the features and benefits of traditional LAN technology, such as Ethernet and Token Ring, but without the limitations of being tethered together by a cable. This provides greater freedom and increased flexibility.
Currently, a wireless network operating in accordance with the Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers (IEEE) 802.11 Standard (e.g., IEEE Std. 802.11a/b/g/n) may be configured in one of two operating modes: infrastructure mode and ad hoc mode. As of today, most installed wireless networks are configured and operate in infrastructure mode where one or more access points (APs) are configured as interfaces for a wired distribution network (e.g., Ethernet). In infrastructure mode, mobile devices with wireless connectivity (e.g., laptop computer with a radio network interface card “NIC”) are able to establish communications and associate with the AP, and thus, the users of these devices are able to access content within servers connected to the wired network.
As an optional feature, however, the IEEE 802.11 Standard specifies ad hoc mode, which allows the radio NIC within each wireless device to operate in an independent basic service set (IBSS) network configuration. Hence, the wireless devices perform peer-to-peer communications with each other instead of utilizing the AP for supporting such wireless communications. The ad hoc mode also allows users to spontaneously form a wireless LAN. For example, a group of employees with laptops implemented with IEEE 802.11 wireless chipsets may gather at a coffee house and form a small WLAN by switching their NICs to ad hoc mode. As a result, the employees could share presentation charts and spreadsheets without the need for cabling or an AP.
One type of ad hoc network is referred to as a mesh network, which allows for continuous connections and reconfiguration around broken or blocked paths by “hopping” from device to another device until the destination is reached. Mesh networks differ from other networks in that the devices can all connect to each other via multiple hops without an infrastructure (e.g., an AP), and these devices can be mobile or stationary. Related to mesh networks, mobile ad-hoc networks (MANETs) are self-configuring networks of mobile routers, where the routers are free to relocate.
One of the primary advantages of mesh networks (and MANETs) is their ability to extend the range of the wireless network. For example, a user on one side of the building can send a packet destined to another user on the far side of the facility, well beyond the point-to-point range of IEEE 802.11-compliant AP, by having the radio signal hop from one mobile device to mobile device until the radio signal gets to its targeted destination. This can extend the range of the WLAN from hundreds of feet to miles, depending on the concentration of wireless users.
With recent technology advances in integrated circuits, and breakthroughs in multiple input and multiple output (MIMO) systems, wireless digital communications have entered a new era mat allows faster speed for wireless networking applications. Mobile devices such as smart phones, music/movie players, personal digital assistants, gaming devices and the like, are creating a demand for new wireless communication and networking technologies to allow seamless connection of wireless mobile devices within a home network that not only support high-bandwidth demanding applications such as high-definition (HD) videos, but also relies on manufacturer compatibility between the wireless devices to mitigate interloper and rogue network activity. As a result, there is a need for a network bridging adaptor that enables wireless and wired devices that are not provided or endorsed by a particular manufacturer to join a wireless home mesh network that is formed using proprietary information for that particular manufacturer.A level shifter is used in order to propagate signals through different supply voltage domains. For example, a low voltage ground-referred control signal may be converted into a high voltage signal. In automotive applications, the high supply voltage domain can have voltage levels up to 60V, while the control signal can be issued from a 3V supply voltage domain. In order to minimize power dissipation, quiescent currents and discharging capacitors are generally avoided. This is particularly relevant for applications using charge pumps or bootstrapping. Propagation delays through the level shifters should also be optimized, and the level shifters should provide failsafe start-up conditions. One of the most common level shifters is the cross-coupled level shifter. Cross-coupled level shifters have large cross conduction losses during switching events, and there is no default output state.
Turning to FIG. 1, a resistor based level shifter 100 can be seen. The level shifter 100 generally comprises resistor R1, PMOS transistor Q1, NMOS transistors Q2 and Q3, and diode D1. The resistor R1 is a pull-up resistor that is coupled to the high voltage domain, receiving high voltage level VBOOT. Transistor Q3 is coupled with its channel in series to the resistor R1, and the gate of transistor Q3 receives the low level input signal IN from the low supply voltage domain. Transistors Q1 and Q2 form an inverter in the high supply voltage domain between node N1 and the high supply voltage level VBOOT. Diode D1 is coupled between the source of transistor Q2 and node N1. The output node OUT provides the level shifted version of the input signal in the high supply voltage domain. This level shifter 100 has large quiescent current in its on-state through the resistor R1. Furthermore, the speed is limited by the large voltage swing at resistor R1. However, a small value of R provides quick turn-off. This means that the size of the resistor R provides a trade-off between quiescent current and speed.The present invention relates to a mobility aid accessory package which is applied to an already existent walker ambulation device framework.
It has been determined by study of prior art that many attempts have successfully accomplished the task of assistance to a person trying to move from a seated to a standing position.
It has been further determined through investigation and observation that once standing upright, the individual is often unable to make transfer from one device to another, due to tripping hazards or patient instability.
The present invention overcomes this obstacle through an accessorizing method of applying specifically designed aid devices to the patient's already existent walker appliance. This invention also aids the caregiver in that the caregiver can use the caregiver's body weight and minimal physical exertion to assist the patient. Once standing, the patient is then able to begin ambulation immediately. This invention also works in reverse when the patient needs to be seated.
The accessorizing method adds little weight to a walker and the walker may still be folded closed and immediately transported with the person or patient to the next needed location.It is well known that a vehicle engine may stall under driving conditions that impose a heavy load on the engine. For example, engine stall may occur while driving the air conditioner compressor, the radiator fan, the power steering pump and the alternator for generating electric power to operate accessories such as car audio systems and air conditioner blowers.
In a conventional control system for preventing engine stall, engine parameters, including engine speed, and other operating conditions of automotive components affecting engine operation are monitored and checked against patterns known to lead to engine stall. When the engine operating parameters match or closely correlate predetermined patterns for engine stall, the control system performs a stall-preventive operation. In a known stall-preventive operation, additional torque is provided to the engine by means of an auxiliary device which is driven by a power source other than the engine itself.
Those skilled in the art will recognize that a conventional starter motor can be used as an electric motor to provide additional engine torque via an electromagnetic clutch. A disadvantage of using such a conventional starter motor to prevent engine stall is the complexity associated with the hysteresis operation necessary to prevent hunting in the starter motor operation. Additionally, a stall-preventive control system using a conventional starter motor to prevent engine stall includes a separate alternator to charge a vehicle's battery and source its electrical loads. This imposes additional costs and under-the-hood fit and function obstacles.
Similarly, an alternator can be used as an electric motor to drive the engine via a power transmission belt stretched between the alternator pulley and a pulley attached to the engine output shaft. A disadvantage of using a conventional alternator is that it requires a belt tensioning system. Moreover, a separate starter motor is necessary to crank the engine during ignition.
In the area of vehicle electrical systems, there continues to be a need for an electronic control system with fewer major assemblies to prevent engine stall. What is needed is a cost-effective system for preventing engine stall that fits comfortably under the hood of a vehicle.1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to a camera system for transmitting and receiving data to and from a camera by obtaining information on the camera or a photograph and communicating with the camera by using a commercially available pocket computer or electronic organizer and a camera IC card compatible therewith.
2. Related Background Art
In the past, data is exchanged with a camera to control various operations based on the data. A personal computer or a controller is used as a unit to receive and transmit such data.
However, since such a unit is of large size or needs an AC power supply, it is inconvenient to carry it with the camera. Further, it is expensive.Adjuvants are generally known as substances that are added in crop protection sprays, e.g., herbicidal formulations or agricultural spray compositions, or to spray tanks used in the dispersion of same to improve activity of an active ingredient, e.g. a herbicide, that is also present in the crop protection spray or to improve application characteristics. Spray adjuvants are generally grouped into two broad categories: special purpose adjuvants and activator adjuvants. Special purpose adjuvants are typically know to widen the range of conditions under which a given crop protection spray is useful. The special purpose adjuvant may alter the physical characteristics of the spray solution. Exemplary special purpose adjuvants include compatibility adjuvants, buffering adjuvants, antifoam adjuvants, and drift control adjuvants. Exemplary special purpose adjuvant compounds include phosphatidylcholine, alkyl polyoxyethylene ether, methylacetic(acid), soluble polymers such as xanthum gum, rheology modifiers such as polyacrylamide (EDT Concentrate) and styrene butadiene latex emulsions. Exemplary commercial products include In-Place®, InterLock®, Bond®, LI700®, and Strikeforce™. Drift control adjuvants are employed to reduce or eliminate fine spray droplet particles (“fines” or “driftable fines”) that are formed when the agricultural spray composition is sprayed, e.g., from an aircraft or a ground sprayer. Driftable fines are commonly defined as droplets that are less than 150μ, e.g., less than 105μ in size (droplet diameter). By reducing or eliminating driftable fines, drift control adjuvants allow more of the deployed agricultural spray composition to reach the intended target substrate. Because driftable fines are reduced, less of the deployed agricultural spray composition drifts away and damages adjacent vegetation. Some typical drift control adjuvants include crop oil concentrates (containing 80 to 85 percent of synthetic oil, 15-20 percent of surfactants), vegetable oil concentrates (containing 50-80 percent of vegetable oils and 20 to 50 percent nonionic surfactant), oil-in-water micro emulsions, and water-in-oil invert emulsions (made) with petroleum or vegetable oils, surfactants and water.
The oil-in-water micro-emulsions and water-in-oil invert emulsions are known to be essentially solvents or emulsifyable oils and typically have lower molecular weights, e.g., from 275 g/mole to 350 g/mole. Oil-in-water micro-emulsions and water-in-oil invert emulsions often contain a petroleum or vegetable derived oil that is immiscible with water and a surfactant to emulsify the mixture to make the oil and water miscible. These emulsions, however, do suffer from several disadvantages. For example, micro-emulsion droplets may be too large to spray. Also, the micro-emulsion may become unstable and phase separate over a time. The surfactants are known to produce foam during mixing especially with certain herbicides such as glyphosates. These drawbacks make it difficult to use such emulsions with conventional spray equipment without agitation. And in the case of large size droplets, large volumes of adjuvant are required to cover the pest infested target area. With the application of large volumes of pesticides applied to foliage, damage can be caused due to the toxic effect on the foliage by overconcentration of the emulsifers and/or oil in the large droplets applied.
Activator adjuvants are commonly used to enhance post-emergence active ingredient performance, e.g., herbicide performance. Activator adjuvants are known to increase activity, absorption into plant tissue, and rainfastness. Activator adjuvants can also decrease photodegradation of the active ingredient and also alter the physical characteristics of the spray solution. Activator adjuvants include surfactants, crop oil concentrates, nitrogen fertilizers, spreader-stickers, wetting agents, and penetrants. Although these conventional adjuvants may provide for some improvements in active ingredient and/or agricultural spray composition efficacy, the ability to reduce driftable fines is limited (often due to the high amount of surfactants that are necessarily used therewith). These high amounts of surfactants increase drift potential and increase phytotoxicity to the foliage. Some of the conventional adjuvants in particular have a limited effect on the median spray droplet size. In some cases, conventional adjuvants not only form greater amounts of driftable fines, but some of these conventional adjuvants also form greater amounts of very large droplets, e.g., greater than 730μ in size. In particular, soluble polymer based products such as polyacrylamide and xanthum gum are known to shift the entire distribution substantially to large droplet diameters and also increase relative span. The very large droplets may result in an agricultural spray composition that provides poor coverage due to rebound from the leaf surface, which in turn reduces the overall efficacy of the active ingredients. The soluble polymers also hydrate slowly and mix poorly, which leads to processing issues such as longer mixing times. And soluble polymers are also more susceptible to degrade under shear stress during application or pump transfer. Further, the required usage level for these adjuvants is often quite high, which results in unwanted phytotoxicity of the foliage due to the high surfactant concentration (as noted above).
In addition, some conventional drift reduction adjuvants have been known to have deleterious effects on the sticking and spreading of the agricultural spray composition on the intended substrate, e.g., leaf surfaces, which may result in reductions in the efficacy of the active ingredient and/or the agricultural spray composition as a whole. For example, some conventional drift reduction adjuvants can make the agricultural spray composition droplets evaporate or dry too quickly, which prevents absorption of the systemic herbicide into the leaf substrate. Also, some conventional adjuvants affect the surface tension of the agricultural spray composition such that spreading of the agricultural spray composition on the substrate, detrimentally, is limited.
Some vinyl ester-based polymer dispersions, e.g., stabilized polymer vinyl ester-based polymer dispersions, have been employed in a variety of applications including, for example, as binders for adhesives, paints and paper coating compositions. In these applications, the polymer dispersion may be used in combination with other components, e.g., plasticizers. In these cases, the polymer dispersions are present in higher concentrations, while the other components are present in lower concentrations. These concentrations are suitable for the respective application, but may not be suitable for different applications. While these polymer dispersions are known to be utilized with adhesives and paints, the use of the (vinyl ester-based) polymer dispersions in the crop protection milieu has not been contemplated.
The weight average molecular weight of these emulsions can range upwards from 250,000 g/mol to 400,000 g/mol. Importantly, these polymer dispersions differ significantly from the aforementioned oil-in-water micro-emulsions and water-in-oil invert emulsions, in both chemical composition and physical properties. For example, the oil-in-water micro-emulsions and water-in-oil invert emulsions have lower molecular weight oils and do not comprise polymers and/or the monomer precursors thereof, and, as a result, lack the defined structure of aqueous polymer dispersions. The weight average molecular weight of these emulsions can range upwards from 275 g/mol to 350 g/mol. Oil-in-water micro-emulsions and water-in-oil invert emulsions are not known to be used interchangeably with vinyl ester-based polymer dispersions.
In view of the shortcomings of conventional adjuvants, the need exists for new adjuvants that provide for improvements in overall agricultural spray composition efficacy, e.g., reductions in driftable fines and maintenance of the relative span of the droplet size.PLL circuits are well known in the art. The operation of providing a synchronized output clock signal with respect to an input reference clock is also well known. Prior art PLL circuits or circuit systems may have extended periods of time where no output clock is produced while the PLL circuit or circuits are re-locking. This can occur, for example, in a harsh operating environment such as a space environment wherein a single charged particle can temporarily or even permanently affect the performance of a single PLL. What is desired is a PLL circuit system that can reliably provide the desired synced output clock signal even though a single PLL in the circuit system may be temporarily or permanently made unavailable.The following discussion is intended to facilitate the understanding of the invention, but is not intended nor admitted to be prior art to the invention.
Obesity is a public health problem that is serious, widespread, and increasing. In the United States, 20 percent of the population is obese; in Europe, a slightly lower percentage is obese (Friedman (2000) Nature 404:632-634). Obesity is associated with increased risk of hypertension, cardiovascular disease, diabetes, and cancer as well as respiratory complications and osteoarthritis (Kopelman (2000) Nature 404:635-643). Even modest weight loss ameliorates these associated conditions.
Recently it was shown that particular carboxyl-terminal fragments of the full-length ACRP30 (mouse) and APM1 (human) polypeptides have unexpected effects in vitro and in vivo, including utility for weight reduction, prevention of weight gain, and control of blood glucose levels (Fruebis et al (2001) Proc Natl Acad Sci USA 98:2005-10). The effects of ACRP30 fragment administration in mammals also include reduction of elevated free fatty acid levels including elevated free fatty acid levels caused by administration of epinephrine, i.v. injection of “intralipid”, or administration of a high fat test meal, as well as increased fatty acid oxidation in muscle cells, and weight reduction in mammals consuming a normal or high fat/high sucrose diet.
Throughout this application, various publications, patents and published patent applications are cited. The disclosures of these publications, patents and published patent specification referenced in this application are hereby incorporated by reference into the present disclosure to more fully describe the state of the art to which this invention pertains.This invention relates to apparatus for diagnosing pathological disorders such as cancer of the breast.
About 7% of women contract cancer of the breast. Of the cases nowadays detected, 50% lead to the patient's death within ten years of establishment of cancer. The prognosis is decisively dependent on how early the diagnosis can be made.
For diagnosing cancer of the breast are employed: X-ray examination, thermography, and manual palpation. Most efficient among these is X-ray examination, but owing to the high depth of penetration of X-rays in soft tissue, diagnosis of cancer in its initial stage is difficult by X-rays. A further detriment of X-rays is the radiation dose received by the patient, whereby X-ray examination is hardly applicable in mass screening.
Thermography is based on recording the infrared radiation emitted by the human body. This procedure is completely free of risk to the patient, but its reliability is poor (only 50% of cases diagnosed with X-ray apparatus are detected). Thermography is therefore only appropriate as a procedure supplementing X-ray examinations. The unreliability of thermography is due to the fact that it records only changes in the surface temperature of the skin, and such changes ensue as a consequence of cancer only when the neoplasm is large or located quite close to the skin surface.
Making a successful diagnosis by manual palpation implies that the neoplasm has already sufficient size, and it requires a certain experience on the side of the person making the diagnosis.
Also appearing on the scene nowadays are ultrasonic examinations, which are completely risk-free to the patient but are capable of diagnosis only if the neoplastic tissue is clearly encapsulated (that is, acoustically clearly differing from other tissues).
Summarizing the above, the observation may be made that nowadays no reliable procedure or apparatus is available which would be proper for earliest possible diagnosis of cancer of the breast, for instance with the aid of mass screening studies.
In the developing of the apparatus, that information served as starting point: that the breast tissue is comparatively homogeneous tissue resembling fat tissue, while cancerous tissue resembles muscle tissue in its electrical properties. On the basis hereof, microwaves are used for diagnosis in the apparatus of the invention.
In the following table (I) are presented the characteristics of tissues at the frequency of 10 GHz.
TABLE I ______________________________________ Wave- Depth of length, Conductivity Dielectric penetration, cm s constant Er cm ______________________________________ Fat tissue 1.4 0.3-0.5 4.5 3.4 Muscle tissue 0.5 10 40 0.5 ______________________________________
In the following table (Table II) are given the coefficients of reflection of the tissue interfaces at frequency 10 GHz.
TABLE II ______________________________________ .phi. r (Coefficient of reflection) (Phase Shift) ______________________________________ Fat/muscle interface 0.5 +175 Muscle/fat interface 0.5 -6 ______________________________________
As can be estimated from the values in the table, about 65% of the microwave radiation at 10 GHz frequency striking the cancerous tissue is reflected. As Table II reveals, reflection of microwaves takes place in the front and rear parts of the cancer growth, and each such reflection is also accompanied by a phase shift, of which the magnitude at different interfaces can be read in the table.
It is obvious on this basis that since the cancerous tissue is clearly different from normal breast tissue in its electric properties, microwaves can be used in diagnostics of cancer of the breast.
On the other hand, microwaves have been used in materials testing in various fields of industry. For instance, microwaves are used as aid in examinations of various coating layers for their thickness, materials for variations of porosity, for internal cracks, boards for knottiness, etc. But these types of apparatus of prior art are of such design that the idea of possibly constructing an apparatus, based on microwaves, for diagnosis of cancer of the breast is not at all suggested or obvious on their basis.The web services paradigm and implementing protocols facilitate machine to machine communication. Some web services make stored content available, and it may be desirable to include such web services as a source of information responsive to a search query. However, each web service has its own interface with the result that an adapter capable of using a specific web service generally would be required to include a web service as a source of content that is searched in response to a query. It would be useful to be able to use web services as an information source for applications and to be able to easily integrate web services into applications.Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to a wireless communication system, and more particularly, to a method for a UE to determine whether to report a measurement result based on a plurality of measurement report-triggering conditions, and a device supporting the same.
Related Art
3GPP (3rd Generation Partnership Project) LTE (Long Term Evolution) that is an advancement of UMTS (Universal Mobile Telecommunication System) is being introduced with 3GPP release 8. In 3GPP LTE, OFDMA (orthogonal frequency division multiple access) is used for downlink, and SC-FDMA (single carrier-frequency division multiple access) is used for uplink. The 3GPP LTE adopts MIMO (multiple input multiple output) having maximum four antennas. Recently, a discussion of 3GPP LTE-A (LTE-Advanced) which is the evolution of the 3GPP LTE is in progress.
A wireless communication system may need to estimate an uplink channel or downlink channel to transmit/receive data, to achieve system synchronization, and to feed back channel information. In a wireless communication system environment, fading occurs by multipath time delay. A process of recovering a transmitted signal by compensating for a signal distortion caused by drastic environmental changes by fading is referred to as channel estimation. Further, it is needed to measure a channel state with respect to a cell to which a user equipment (UE) belongs or another cell. For channel estimation or channel state measurement, channel estimation is generally performed using a reference signal (RS) known between a transmitter and a receiver.
A UE may perform measurement using the following three methods.
1) Reference signal received power (RSRP): RSRP indicates the average received power of all resource elements (REs) carrying CRSs transmitted over the entire band. Here, the UE may measure the average received power of all REs carrying channel state information (CSI) RSs instead of CRSs.
2) Received signal strength indicator (RSSI): RSSI indicates received power measured over the entire band. RSSI includes all of a signal, interference, and thermal noise.
3) Reference symbol received quality (RSRQ): RSRQ indicates a channel quality indicator (CQI) and may be determined as RSRP/RSSI depending on a bandwidth or a sub-band. That is, RSRQ refers to signal-to-interference-plus-noise-ratio (SINR). Since RSRP does not provide sufficient mobility information, RSRQ may be used instead of RSRP in a handover or cell reselection process.
RSRQ may be calculated by RSSI/RSSP. Alternatively, RSRQ may be calculated by N*RSSI/RSSP. Here, N may be a parameter (for example, the number of PRBs) or a function associated with a bandwidth in which RSSI is measured.(a) Technical Field
The present invention relates to a resin composition for a cable material and a cable, for example, a cable material for vehicles, using the same. The resin composition may include controlled contents of components such as polypropylene, a flame retardant content and the like in a base resin, thereby providing excellent physical properties such as abrasion resistance and flexibility resistance and reducing weight thereof. Further, the resin composition may be used in a cable for a vehicle.
(b) Background Art
A fine light cable used for vehicles requires high mechanical properties, high thermal resistance, high flame retardancy, abrasion resistance and the like reflecting vehicle vibration, durable environment and the like. In addition, productivity has been enhanced employing a cable extrusion speed to be as high as possible in a cable manufacturing process. Accordingly, a covering material for the cable for the vehicles needs to be suitable for extrusion process as well as to have the above-mentioned physical properties.
Generally, with an increase in the function of vehicle interior safety and convenience specification, the number of wiring circuits tends to increase gradually, and accompanying problems of lack of space and a weight increase have occurred. Accordingly, a tendency to use the fine light cable for vehicles has increased in order to secure space inside the vehicle, reducing vehicle weight, and respond to fuel efficiency regulations.
For the fine light cable, an insulation covering composition having high abrasion resistance and high hardness, and a high strength conductor material need to be used, such that copper alloy or CCS (copper clad steel) having strength of 700 MPa or greater has been used as a conductor for improving insertability and mechanical strength of the fine light cable connector.
In addition, switching to environmentally-friendly insulation materials (TPE, PP and the like) that do not generate harmful substances when burned, unlike existing cables made of a PVC material, has been in progress, and materials such as halogen and heavy metals that may influence environment may be excluded as a global trend.
However, a specific bromine-based flame retardant (DBDE), which exhibits relatively excellent flame retardancy in a PVC or polyolefin resin, has been suspected as a dioxin generating material, and several European countries have banned the use thereof. A metal hydroxide such as aluminum hydroxide (Al(OH)3) and magnesium hydroxide (Mg(OH)2), a phosphorous-based flame retardant, and the like, may be used, and DBDE has been known to be replaceable by a halogen-free material.
As described above, although a manufacturing cost increases for improving stability in case of fire and providing environmentally-friendly designs, the researches on environmentally-friendly cables have been actively carried out, because regulations such as a flame retarding property of a cable, and toxicity, corrosive gases and the amount of smoke generation during burning have been strengthened.
In a certain example, a conventional fine light cable such as 0.08 SQ, may not be inserted because the cable is too thin and bends, when the cable is inserted to a connector terminal unit. Accordingly, an insulation covering material composition having high abrasion resistance and flexural rigidity needs to be developed for smooth assembly workability such as cable insertion to a connector terminal unit, and the like.
The above information disclosed in this Background section is only for enhancement of understanding of the background of the invention and therefore it may contain information that does not form the prior art that is already known in this country to a person of ordinary skill in the art.The present invention relates to 1,3,4-oxadiazole heterocyclic carbon compounds and to their preparation and use. More particularly. the invention relates to 1,3,4-oxadiazoles substituted in the 2-position with 3-chlorophenylpiperazinylalkyl moieties and their therapeutic use in treating depression.
3-chlorophenylpiperazinylalkyl derivatives of certain heterocycles have been previously disclosed as having psychotropic activity and specifically being of use in the treatment of depression. These art compounds, as well as those of the present invention, can be represented structurally as depicted below. ##STR1## In this structure Het denotes certain heterocyclic moieties and it is the nature of these that distinguishes the art compounds from those of the instant invention as well as from each other. Temple and Lobeck in U.S. Pat. No. 4,487,773 disclose and claim a series of compounds (1) depicted structurally below. ##STR2## wherein R is halogen or alkoxy; n is 2-4: and R.sup.1 is hydrogen, halogen or alkoxy. These compounds have antidepressant activity.
U.S. Pat. No. 3,857,845 to G. Palazzo describes the antidepressant compound (2) commonly called etoperidone. The structure for etoperidone is depicted below. ##STR3##
U.S. 3,381,009 to G. Palazzo, et al., discloses a related series of 1,2.4-triazolo [4.3-a] pyridines of which one compound, commonly known as trazodone, is an effective antidepressent in man. The structure for trazodone (3) is shown below. ##STR4##
Temple and Yeager in U.S. Pat. No. 4,367,335 and U.S. Pat. No. 4,456,756 disclose and claim a series of compounds (4) with psychotropic properties whose structure is depicted below. ##STR5## wherein R.sup.1 is, inter alia, halogen.
None of the aforementioned references disclose or suggest piperazine derivatives containing the 1,3,4-oxadiazole heterocyclic component of the subject compounds of this invention.Infections of the nail and hoof, known as ungual and/or periungual infections, pose serious problems in dermatology. These ungual and/or periungual can be caused by sources such as fungi, viruses, yeast, bacteria and parasites. Onychomycosis is an example of these serious ungual and/or periungual infections and is caused by at least one fungus. Current treatment for ungual and/or periungual infections generally falls into three categories: systemic administration of medicine; surgical removal of all or part of the nail or hoof followed by topical treatment of the exposed tissue; or topical application of conventional creams, lotions, gels or solutions, frequently including the use of bandages to keep these dosage forms in place on the nail or hoof. All of these approaches have major drawbacks. The following discussion is particularly directed to drawbacks associated with current treatment of ungual and/or periungual antifungal infections.
Long term systemic (oral) administration of an antifungal agent for the treatment of onychomycosis is often required to produce a therapeutic effect in the nail bed. For example, oral treatment with the antifungal compound ketoconozole typically requires administration of 200 to 400 mg/day for 6 months before any significant therapeutic benefit is realized. Such long term, high dose systemic therapy can have significant adverse effects. For example, ketoconozole has been reported to have liver toxicity effects and reduces testosterone levels in blood due to adverse effects on the testes. Patient compliance is a problem with such long term therapies especially those which involve serious adverse effects. Moreover, this type of long term oral therapy is inconvenient in the treatment of a horse or other ruminants afflicted with fungal infections of the hoof. Accordingly, the risks associated with parenteral treatments generate significant disincentive against their use and considerable patient non-compliance.
Surgical removal of all or part of the nail followed by topical treatment also has severe drawbacks. The pain and discomfort associated with the surgery and the undesirable cosmetic appearance of the nail or nail bed represent significant problems, particularly for female patients or those more sensitive to physical appearance. Generally, this type of treatment is not realistic for ruminants such as horses.
Topical therapy has significant problems too. Topical dosage forms such as creams, lotions, gels etc., can not keep the drug in intimate contact with the infected area for therapeutically effective periods of time. Bandages have been used to hold drug reservoirs in place in an attempt to enhance absorption of the pharmaceutical agent. However the bandages are thick, awkward, troublesome and generally lead to poor patient compliance.
Hydrophilic and hydrophobic film forming topical antifungal solutions have also been developed. These dosage forms provide improved contact between the drug and the nail, but the films are not occlusive. Topical formulations for fungal infection treatment have largely tried to deliver the drug to the target site (an infected nail bed) by diffusion across or through the nail.
Nail is more like hair than stratum corneum with respect to chemical composition and permeability. Nitrogen is the major component of the nail attesting to the nail's proteinaceous nature. The total lipid content of mature nail is 0.1-1.0%, while the stratum corneum lipid is about 10% w/w. The nail is 100-200 times thicker than the stratum corneum and has a very high affinity and capacity for binding and retaining antifungal drugs. Consequently little if any drug penetrates through the nail to reach the target site. Because of these reasons topical therapy for fungal infections have generally been ineffective.
Compounds known as penetration or permeation enhancers are well known in the art to produce an increase in the permeability of skin or other body membranes to a pharmacologically active agent. The increased permeability allows an increase in the rate at which the drug permeates through the skin and enters the blood stream. Penetration enhancers have been successful in overcoming the impermeability of pharmaceutical agents through the skin. However, the thin stratum corneum layer of the skin, which is about 10 to 15 cells thick and is formed naturally by cells migrating toward the skin surface from the basal layer, has been easier to penetrate than nails. Moreover, known penetration enhancers have not proven to be useful in facilitating drug migration through the nail tissue.
Antimicrobial compositions for controlling bacterial and fungal infections comprising a metal chelate of 8-hydroxyquinoline and an alkyl benzene sulfonic acid have been shown to be efficacious due to the increased ability of the oleophilic group to penetrate the lipoid layers of micro-cells. The compounds however, do not effectively increase the ability to carry the pharmaceutically active antifungal through the cornified layer or stratum corneum of the skin. U.S. Pat. No. 4,602,011, West et al., Jul. 22, 1986; U.S. Pat. No. 4,766,113, West et al., Aug. 23, 1988.
Therefore, there is a need in the art for compounds which can effectively penetrate the nail. There is also need in the art for compounds which can effectively treat ungual and/or periungual infections. These and other needs are addressed by the current invention.Since the early 1980's, three dimensional seismic image technology has revolutionized subsurface geologic mapping and hydrocarbon exploration in the petroleum industry. However, interpretation of three dimensional seismic images has been mainly a subjective process involving a human interpreter extracting and discriminating information by visual inspection of reflection patterns. This approach is time consuming, the results depend on individual human interpreters, and the results usually are not repetitive. Also, human interpreters tend to inspect reflection patterns along either the inline or crossline direction but ignore the third dimension. In previous studies, numerous seismic attributes have been used in an attempt to quantify seismic interpretation. However, these attributes are generally based on one trace and depend on an interpreted horizon, or they have been specifically used to enhance certain aspects of seismic data, such as dip, azimuth, and faults, etc. These attributes have certain limitations in the identification and classification of seismic facies, for example, that are characterized by lateral relationships of amplitude in different orientations and from different perspectives.
Little has been published on quantitative seismic pattern recognition and hydrocarbon indicator detection in three dimension s using volume-based and horizon-independent seismic technology. Although image textures have been used in conventional two dimensional image processing, such as photographs, Landsat, and side-scan sonar images, etc., little attempt has been made to quantitatively analyze three dimensional seismic interpretation and hydrocarbon exploration data. Since seismic images differ fundamentally from other images in that seismic images consist of vertical traces with alternating peak and trough amplitudes, and the traces are aligned laterally in an orderly manner to form characteristic stratal nature of reflection events, a different approach is required to capture and process both stratigraphic and structural information in the subsurface out of the seismic volume. Although several authors have applied the texture concept to reflection seismic interpretation in recent years, textures have usually been extracted in two dimensions, which significantly limits their reliability and resolution.
Manipulating multiple attributes effectively is an important next process after numerous attributes have been extracted. Conventionally, false-color (RGB) mapping, principal component analysis (PCA), clustering, and supervised classification have been commonly used to reduce the dimensionality of attributes and to display multiple attributes. Such processes use human interpreters, and since interpreters generally have little idea about the clustering structure of attributes in multiple dimensions, they must subjectively determine the number of classes to be grouped before classification. That may lead to a classification volume in which two different classes may be grouped into one class, or one actual class is split into two or more different classes. Generally, human interpreters have little control and may not realize that misclassification occurred until they learn the actual facies classes in the data volume by running different sessions of classification using different numbers of classes.
Combining multiple textural attributes helps minimize the non-uniqueness in seismic pattern recognition and classification. However, generalizing and interpreting numerous attributes are generally difficult, which is particulary true with a large number of attributes. Previously, various attempts have been made to condense and visualize multiple attribute data sets. For example, false-color imaging technology has been used to accommodate three attributes at a time by forming one RGB false-color image. Principle Components Analysis (PCA) has been performed to reduce the data dimensionality. In addition, various classification algorithms (e.g., clustering/unsupervised, NNT, and supervised classifiers) have been commonly used to reduce multiple attribute volumes into one final thematic volume that consists of discrete categories (classes) based on their closeness in multiple attribute space. However, with increasing number of seismic attributes and the size of attribute volumes, computational efficiency becomes an important issue in multi-attribute classification process. Besides, resolution and reliability of these conventional classification technology depend on user-specified class number. In this context, the attribute-trace concept proposed here provides a new solution to improve the efficiency, resolution, and reliability for multi-attribute classification and interpretation.
It is thus apparent that there is a need in the art for an improved method of analyzing three dimensional seismic data. The present invention meets these and other needs.1. Field of the Invention
The invention pertains to a method for deriving a magnetic resonance image of an object placed in a stationary and substantially homogeneous magnetic main field, comprising repeatedly exciting said object and sampling magnetic resonance signals in the presence of a read gradient superimposed on said main field thereby determining a first frequency image of said object on radius and angle coordinates by radially scanning through frequency-space. The invention also pertains to an apparatus to perform such method.
2. Description of the Related Art
A method as described in the preamble is known from the U.S. Pat. No. 4,070,611. In said patent is disclosed that magnetic resonance signals are induced in an object, notably a patient, present in a homogeneous magnetic field and are detected while exposing the region of the object to be imaged to a linear gradient superimposed on the homogeneous magnetic field. A resonance spectrum is obtained for each of a relatively large number of angularly displaced orientations of the linear gradient. The image is constructed by a mathematical process of back projection. This technique uses the fact that the Fourier transform of a one-dimensional projection of the spin density represents a one-dimensional cross-section of the three-dimensional Fourier transform of the spin density function.
In the article "NMR Imaging Methods Seen as Trajectories in the Reciprocal Space" in Bull. Magnetic Resonance, 6, No. 3, Nov. 1984, p. 140-141, is disclosed that the values of the magnetic resonance signal S(t) fundamentally correspond to the values of the Fourier transform of the spin density function in frequency-space at positions given by dk/dt=.gamma.G, k=(k.sub.x,k.sub.y,k.sub.z) determining the position in frequency-space (also called k-space), G=(G.sub.x,G.sub.y,G.sub.z) determining the magnetic gradient, and .gamma. being the gyromagnetic ratio. So, in a method as described in the preamble, the values of a frequency image of an image to be produced are found as values of the detected signal assigned to points along a radial line in frequency-space.
In U.S. Pat. No. 4,070,611 mentioned above is explained that radially scanning through frequency-space has the distinct disadvantage that information is collected in an in homogeneous way, i.e. because of the radial scanning the information is more dense near the origin of frequency-space, representing the lower frequencies, and there may be insufficient information of the higher image frequencies. In U.S. Pat. No. 4,070,611 a method is disclosed in which frequency-space is scanned along parallel lines. An improved version of this method is called spin warp and disclosed in U.S. Pat. No. 4,506,222.
However, especially under circumstances wherein the magnetic resonance signal has short decay times, which in case of nuclear (proton) magnetic resonance depends on the materials or tissues examined and which is almost always the case with electron spin resonance, it may be advantageous to start sampling of the magnetic resonance signal immediately after the end of the excitation. That is not possible with methods like spin warp and spin echo because in those methods an echo of the signal is used and time is needed to switch phase encoding gradients. So, especially in cases of short decay times, radial scanning may be very useful.The statements in this section merely provide background information related to the present disclosure and may or may not constitute prior art.
A typical multiple speed transmission uses a combination of friction clutches, planetary gear arrangements and fixed interconnections to achieve a plurality of gear ratios. The number and physical arrangement of the planetary gear sets, generally, are dictated by packaging, cost and desired speed ratios.
While current transmissions achieve their intended purpose, the need for new and improved transmission configurations which exhibit improved performance, especially from the standpoints of efficiency, responsiveness and smoothness, and improved packaging, primarily reduced size and weight, is essentially constant. Accordingly, there is a need for an improved, cost-effective, compact multiple speed transmission.1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates generally to card games, and more specifically, to a method and system for playing a Texas Hold'em-type poker game.
2. Background of the Invention
Poker has recently become a very popular pastime. One version, known as “Texas Hold'em” or just “Hold'em” is played by each player competing with each other to obtain the highest value five-card hand. Typically, play begins with one player designated as the dealer, and the two players to the immediate left of the dealer placing forced bets (the “blinds”). Each player is then dealt two cards. A first round of betting occurs, where each player decides whether to fold, call, or raise the bet of the prior player. Following the conclusion of the first betting round, three community cards are dealt known as the “flop.” Following the flop, remaining players engage in a second round of betting. Next, a single community card known as the “turn” is dealt. Another round of betting follows the turn, and finally the fifth and final community card is dealt, known as the “river.” A final round of betting follows the river. The player having the highest five-card poker hand formed from his or her two cards and the five community cards wins the “pot,” which generally includes all bets placed during the game, minus a percentage for the establishment providing the game.
Hold'em is an exciting game in part because of the uncertainty of each player's final five-card hand until the river, when all seven available cards—the player's two and the five community cards—are known. Thus, even a player's relatively poor two cards—such as a 2-6— may result in a winning hand if, for example, the community cards reveal a 3, 4, and 5, providing the player with a straight. The player holding a losing hand but hoping that the final community cards will complete a winning hand undergoes excitement and suspense as the community cards are dealt. Furthermore, in order to complete a winning hand on the river, the player's resolve is repeatedly tested as other players having stronger hands place bets that must be called to remain in the game.
However, Hold'em has several drawbacks. One drawback is that the game often requires extended periods of inactivity. Because only two players are forced to bet in any hand (the blinds), the other players are able to examine and discard their poor cards without incurring a loss. As a result, often a player will not participate in the game for long periods until two favorable cards are received. Casino patrons that prefer the action and immediate decision of other casino games frequently choose not to exercise the patience and devote the time required for proper Hold'em play.
Another drawback of Hold'em is that, unlike other casino games, each player plays against the others, and not against the house. In blackjack or pai gow poker, for example, it is possible for every player to win on one hand, and the expert or novice play of any of these players statistically does not affect the outcome of the game for the other players. However, in Hold'em only one player wins each hand, and that player's winnings comprises the other players' losses. Novice players are more likely to lose to skillful players, and therefore casual players are less likely to participate in the game at all.
A third drawback to Hold'em is that while a player may know the value of his own hand, he must deduce the value of other player's hands. Thus, each player must pay attention to the play of each other player, and attempt to decipher the body language and betting behavior of each opponent. Bluffing, slow playing, mind games, and all other forms of misdirection are used and must be guarded against. For a causal player desiring a game based primarily on a draw of the cards, the mental effort required for skillful play may make the game undesirable.
Let-it-ride poker is a casino-style card game where each player in the game places three equal bets. Each player receives three cards, and based on those cards decides whether to retain the first of the three bets or remove the bet. The dealer exposes a first of two community cards, and each player must decide whether to retain the second of the three bets or remove the bet. Finally, the dealer exposes the second community card, resulting in each player having a five-card hand of his three cards plus the two community cards. If the player does not have a pair of tens or better, all bets not removed by the player are lost. If the player achieves a pair of tens or better, each bet is paid according to a payout table, from a pair of tens paying even money up to a royal flush paying 1,000-1.
Let It Ride Poker allows quick play and reward of all participating players. The play of each player has no effect at all on any other player or the game itself, and indeed the player's available options are limited solely to whether or not to remove his first and second bet. Because each player wins or loses based entirely on the value of his own hand, there is no need to predict an opponent's hand or compute a likelihood of outdrawing an opponent. Finally, the player is provided with the ability to remove his bets based on a partial knowledge of his hand, so that a losing hand can lose a minimum amount but a winning hand can win a maximum amount.
However, Let It Ride has several drawbacks. The first and second bet are independent, so that a player may remove both bets, neither bet, the first but not the second, or the second but not the first. This reduces the suspense and excitement because each bet is essentially a separate game independent of the other bet. Another drawback is that a player does not face exciting decisions as in Hold'em—that of calling an opponent's bet with additional money or folding and surrendering all previous bets. Instead, the Let It Ride player is never faced with a decision to fold, and is allowed reduce the amount likely to be lost if his cards are unfavorable. Finally, Let It Ride is very simple, and optimal play strategy is straightforward and easy to learn, so that proper play can be mechanical and not intellectually challenging.
Therefore, it would be desirable to provide a poker game method and device that provides benefits of both Hold'em and Let It Ride with fewer drawbacks.The present invention relates to a bearing, such as a bearing for rotary shaft, and in particular for a large size rotary shaft mounted in a deformable structure such as for example a ship's propeller shaft.
The primary function of such bearings is to support the shaft by taking the radial stresses, while minimizing the resisting friction pairing.
The conventional bearings which have been designed for installations of essentially non-deformable structure are all ill-suited for the applications cited hereinabove, because they do not support any relative deformations of the hull (hence of the structure) and of the shaft.
According to a conventional system, the part on which is defined the friction surface of the bearing, or at least the part of surface most exposed to stresses, is fractionated or split into bearing elements which are more able to follow deformations than one massive piece. Such split-bearings, when used on large-sized rotating machines, improve the hydrodynamic stability of the lubricating film between the friction surface and the shaft.
According to a known variant, this kinematic effect is achieved by means of cylindrical laminates of radius smaller than that of the shaft, and in particular by producing the bearing in two parts, a first part being in contact with the shaft and a second part opposite thereto, both parts contacting together over a cylindrical surface parallel to the shaft and of smaller radius. Thus, the first part of the bearing which is in contact with the shaft has a degree of mobility with respect to the second part by sliding/rotating, thus permitting an accurate orientation of the contacting surfaces and improving lubrication.
These dispositions, however, only permit deformations of very limited amplitude, and although they are relatively well suited for those cases where the axis of the shaft is off-center, they are completely unsuited for cases of angular variations of the axis (non-alignment).1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to a transmission document edition device that edits transmission documents described in markup languages, a received document processing device that receives and processes the transmission documents, and a communication document processing system that includes the transmission document edition device and the received document processing device.
2. Description of the Conventional Art
As a markup language, the SGML (Standard Generalized Markup Language) that is standardized by the ISO (International Organization for Standardization) has been used. The SGML is designed for document interchanges and is expressed as a group of elements called tags to describe the contents and the structure of a document. In the SGML, the contents of a document is precisely described. As a result, it is possible and easy to analyze such a document using a computer.
With the development of the Internet, the documents in the HTML (Hypertext Markup Language) that is based on the SGML have been interchanged. Such a document described in the HTML, i.e., an HTML document, is displayed using a Web browser that is a software for processing documents in the HTML. The HTML is standardized by the W3C (World Wide Web Consortium). The HTML Ver.3.2 has been standardized, and now standardization of the HTML Ver.4.0, which is the HTML for the next generation, is now being discussed. (The HTML is disclosed in detail on the home page with the URL (Uniform Resource Locator) xe2x80x9chttp://www.w3c.org/xe2x80x9d.) The HTML Ver.4.0 enables the processing corresponding to an input operation using the Web browser to be described in the program called xe2x80x9cscriptxe2x80x9d. As a result, a wider variety of expression may be realized using the HTML Ver.4.0. For instance, it is possible to change the color of certain part of a document with the click of a mouse.
Conventionally, such an HTML document, which is transmitted via the Internet, was only received and displayed by personal computers, workstations, or the like. Recently, mobile communication terminals such as a portable remote terminal installed with a Web browser have begun to process such an HTML document.
Mobile communication terminals, however, have smaller display screens than personal computers, and the display areas are limited compared with those of personal computers. As a result, when displaying an HTML document that is originally created for personal computers or workstations, mobile communication terminals cannot display the HTML document as it is intended to be displayed. In order to solve the problem, it is necessary to create different HTML documents for different types of communication terminals.
As described above, it is possible to describe the processing corresponding to an input operation using the Web browser in an HTML document. Such an HTML document can include information on input units that mobile communication terminals are not equipped with. In this case, the operations using the input units may not be realized by mobile communication terminals. For instance, an operation input with a mouse may not be realized by pagers, which are equipped with no mouse.
It is accordingly an object of the present invention to provide a transmission document edition device that edits a transmission document from a general purpose document that is described in a markup language and a plurality of pieces of device information each piece of which includes information on the processing of the general purpose document for one specification of mobile communication terminal.
Another object of the present invention is to provide a transmission document edition device that simulates the display of a transmission document by a plurality of specifications of mobile communication terminal and the processing corresponding to a user input operation.
A further object of the present invention is to provide a received document processing device that enables a mobile communication terminal that receives a transmission document edited by the transmission document edition device to display the received transmission document in the most suitable manner and to perform processing corresponding to a user input operation.
Yet another object of the present invention is to provide a communication document processing system that changes a transmission document edited by the transmission document edition device into another transmission document for a specification of mobile communication terminal in order to reduce the load of the specification of mobile communication terminal and transmits the changed transmission document to the specification of mobile communication terminal.
The above-mentioned first object is achieved by a transmission document edition device that edits a transmission document to be transmitted to receiver devices of a plurality of specifications from a general purpose document described in a markup language, that may include: a document storage unit for storing the general purpose document described in the markup language; a device specification information storage unit for storing a plurality of pieces of device specification information, each piece of which a receiver device of a different specification refers to when processing the general purpose document according to marks in the markup language; and a transmission document creation unit for reading the general purpose document stored in the document storage unit and the plurality of pieces of device specification information stored in the device specification information storage unit and for creating the transmission document in which the general purpose document and the plurality of pieces of device specification information are related to each other.
It is possible for the transmission document edition device to create one transmission document that mobile communication terminals of the plurality of specifications may process. As a result, it is unnecessary to create a different transmission document for each specification of mobile communication terminal.
The first object may be achieved by the transmission document edition device, wherein a piece of device specification information includes information defining input and/or information defining output for a specification of receiver device, wherein information defining input includes each operation of a receiver device of a specification and a processing of the general purpose document accompanying an operation for each operation, and information defining output includes processing conditions for displaying the general purpose document in a manner suitable for the specification of receiver device, and the transmission document creation unit reads information defining input and/or information defining output for each of the plurality of specifications of receiver device from the device specification information storage unit, and has the read information defining input and/or the read information defining output be included in the transmission document in a manner in which information defining input and/or information defining output for a specification of receiver device is distinguishable.
It is possible for the transmission document edition device to create one transmission document that includes a plurality of pieces of device specification information for the plurality of specifications of mobile communication terminal. As a result, a mobile communication terminal may perform the same processing as processing the general purpose document in a transmission document created only for the specification of the mobile communication terminal. In addition, a mobile communication terminal may process the general purpose document using the operation key on the mobile communication terminal.
The first object may also be achieved by the transmission document edition device, wherein the transmission document creation unit describes an identifier showing a specification of receiver device using a first tag, information defining output using a second tag, and information defining input using a third tag, wherein each of the first tag, the second tag, and the third tag corresponds to a mark in the markup language.
The first object may also be achieved by the transmission document edition device that may include transmission unit for transmitting the transmission document that the transmission document creation unit has created to the receiver devices of the plurality of specifications.
As a result, a mobile communication terminal that receives a transmission document may distinguish the necessary piece of device specification information using tags and extract the distinguished device specification information.
The above-mentioned second object is achieved by the transmission document edition device that may include: a transmission document storage unit for storing the transmission document that the transmission document creation unit has created; an acceptance unit for accepting a designation of a specification of receiver device for which a simulation is run from an operator; and a simulation execution unit for reading a piece of device specification information for the accepted specification of receiver device and the general purpose document from the transmission document stored in the transmission document storage unit, for creating a simulation document from the read general purpose document according to the read piece of device specification information, and for displaying the created simulation document.
It is possible for the transmission document edition device to check a display document displayed by a mobile communication terminal as a simulation document. As a result, a transmission document may be created efficiently.
The second object may be achieved by the transmission document edition device, wherein the general purpose document includes a plurality of document elements, the read piece of device specification information includes processing conditions for displaying the general purpose document in a manner suitable for the accepted specification of receiver device, and the simulation execution unit includes a simulation document creation unit for selecting each document element designated by the processing conditions from the general purpose document and for creating the simulation document from the selected document element.
As a result, each document element in a simulation document may be checked.
The second object may also be achieved by the transmission document edition device, wherein the processing conditions include display screen size information, document element selection information, and scroll information for the accepted specification of receiver device, and the simulation document creation unit includes: a general purpose document reading unit for reading the general purpose document from the transmission document stored in the transmission document storage unit; a document element selection unit for selecting each document element designated by the document element selection information; and a document element arrangement unit for arranging the selected document element on a virtual screen.
The second object may also be achieved by the transmission document edition device, wherein the simulation document creation unit further includes a simulation document display unit for having a display screen, for creating a frame on the display screen according to the display screen size information, for cutting part of the virtual screen on which the document element arrangement unit has arranged the selected document element according to the display screen size information and the scroll information, and for displaying the part of the virtual screen within the frame.
As a result, a simulation document may be displayed on the same display screen as in a receiver mobile communication terminal.
The second object may also be achieved by the transmission document edition device that may include: a simulation information storage unit for storing simulation information in which first operation keys on the receiver devices of the plurality of specifications correspond to second operation keys on the transmission document edition device, wherein the general purpose document includes a user operation and a content of a processing accompanying the user operation, the piece of device specification information includes information that describes an operation of a first operation key corresponding to the user operation, the acceptance unit includes an operation key acceptance unit for accepting an operation of a second operation key from the operator, the simulation execution unit includes: an operation key conversion unit for converting the accepted second operation key operation into a corresponding operation of a first operation key; and a simulation document changing unit for changing the displayed simulation document according to a content of a processing that corresponds to a user operation corresponding to the first operation key operation and for displaying the changed simulation document.
As a result, the operation that is performed when an operation key on a mobile communication terminal (a first operation key) is operated may be performed using an operation key on the transmission document edition device (a second operation key), and a displayed simulation document may be changed according to the operation of second operation keys.
The second object may also be achieved by the transmission document edition device, wherein the processing is written in a program that is described in a virtual machine language, and the simulation document changing unit changes the displayed simulation document according to the program.
As a result, a program may be executed using the HTML browser.
The second object may also be achieved by the transmission document edition device, wherein the document element selection unit selects each document element to which a tag identified in the document element selection information is attached.
As a result, each document element to be displayed may be easily selected.
The above-mentioned third object is achieved by a received document processing device that receives a received document in which a general purpose document that is described in a markup language and a plurality of pieces of device specification information, each piece of which a received document processing device of a different specification refers to when processing the general purpose document according to marks in the markup language, are related to each other, the received document processing device that may include: a received document storage unit for storing the received document that the received document processing device has received; a received document reading unit for reading the received document that the received document storage unit stores; a first identification unit for identifying the plurality of pieces of device specification information and the general purpose document in the read received document; a second identification unit for identifying a piece of device specification information for the received document processing device in the plurality of pieces of device specification information; a display screen; and a display control unit for processing, when receiving the received document, the general purpose document that the first identification unit has identified on referring to the piece of device specification information that the second identification unit has identified, for creating a display document, and for displaying the created display document on the display screen.
Such a received document processing device that receives a received document transmitted to received document processing devices of the plurality of specifications may display a document suitable for the received document processing device and change the displayed document.
The third object may be achieved by the received document processing device according to claim 12, wherein the identified piece of device specification information includes information defining input and/or information defining output for the received document processing device, wherein the information defining input includes each operation of the received document processing device and a processing of the general purpose document accompanying an operation for each operation, and the information defining output includes processing conditions for displaying the general purpose document in a manner suitable for the received document processing device, and the general purpose document includes a plurality of document elements, and the display control unit includes: a first display control unit for selecting each document element designated by the processing conditions from the general purpose document and for creating the display document from the selected document element; and/or a second display control unit for changing the created display document according to a processing that corresponds to an operation key on the received document processing device and is described in the general purpose document.
As a result, such a received document processing device may receive a received document, display a display document, and change the display document according to the user operations.
The third object may also be achieved by the received document processing device, wherein the processing conditions include display screen size information, document element selection information, and scroll information for the received document processing device, the first display control unit includes: a document element selection unit for selecting each document element designated by the document element selection information; and a document element arrangement unit for arranging the selected document element on the display screen according to the display screen size information and the scroll information.
As a result, a display document suitable for such a received document processing device may be easily displayed and changed.
The third object may also be achieved by the received document processing device, wherein the document element selection unit selects each document element to which a tag identified in the document element selection information is attached, wherein each tag is a mark in the markup language.
As a result, the document element may be selected more easily.
The third object may also be achieved by the received document processing device that is one of a pager and a mobile phone.
As a result, pagers or mobile phones may receive the same received document as personal computers receive and may display a document suitable for pagers or mobile phones.
The third object may also be achieved by the received document processing device, wherein a processing is written in a program that is described in a virtual machine language, and the second display control unit changes the display document according to the program.
As a result, a program may be easily executed using the HTML browser.
The above-mentioned fourth object is achieved by the information providing server device that may include a document element selection unit for selecting each document element that is necessary for the specification of received document processing device from the transmission document, wherein the general purpose document includes a plurality of document elements, and the piece of device specification information corresponding to the specification of received document processing device includes document element selection information on each document element necessary for the specification of received document processing device.
Such an information providing server device may convert a transmission document that the transmission document edition device has edited into another transmission document suitable for a mobile communication terminal of one specification. As a result, the load of the specification of mobile communication terminal may be reduced.
The present invention may be realized by a computer-readable storage medium for storing a program that realizes a function of editing a transmission document that is to be transmitted to received document processing devices of a plurality of specifications from a general purpose document described in a markup language, wherein the program realizes: a device specification information obtaining unit for obtaining a plurality of pieces of device specification information each piece of which a received document processing device of a different specification refers to when processing the general purpose document according to marks in the markup language; and a transmission document creation unit for creating the transmission document in which the general purpose document that is described in the markup language and the plurality of pieces of device specification information that the device information obtaining unit has obtained are related to each other.
As a result, a transmission document edition device that edits a transmission document to be transmitted to the received document processing devices of the plurality of specifications from a general purpose document described in a markup language and a plurality of pieces of device specification information for the plurality of specifications of mobile communication terminal may be realized.This invention relates to a fuel pump for supplying fuel under pressure for delivery to a combustion space of a compression ignition internal combustion engine.
It is known to provide each injector of a fuel system with a corresponding fuel pump arranged to supply fuel under pressure only to that fuel injector. The pump and associated fuel injector may be mounted upon one another or spaced apart from one another, a fuel pipe being used to connect to pump outlet to the injector. The pumps used in such applications typically comprise a pumping plunger reciprocable within a bore under the action of a cam and tappet arrangement. The pump and associated components are designed such that, at any instant, the speed of movement of the plunger is governed by the speed of rotation of the cam and by the shape of the cam profile.
In order to reduce the levels of noise and particulate emissions produced by an engine, it is desirable, under some conditions, to arrange for each injection of fuel to the engine to include a period during which fuel is injected at a reduced rate. For example, each injection may include an initial part during which fuel is delivered at a relatively low rate followed by a period during which fuel injection occurs at a higher rate. In known arrangements, this has been achieved by appropriate shaping of the cam profile.
According to the present invention, there is provided a fuel pump comprising a pumping plunger reciprocable within a bore, and a drive arrangement for driving the pumping plunger, the drive arrangement including a compressible load transmission arrangement for transmitting movement of the drive arrangement to the pumping plunger, the load transmission arrangement comprising first and second surfaces which define, therebetween, a chamber for fluid, and supply means for permitting the chamber to be supplied with fluid, in use, and control means for controlling the flow of fluid from the chamber.
The provision of the load transmission arrangement results in some of the movement of the drive arrangement being absorbed, by compression of the fluid and by fluid escaping from the chamber, and hence in the plunger moving at a reduced rate than would otherwise be the case for a period. As a result, an associated injector can be operated in such a manner as to include, in its injection cycle, a period during which fuel is injected at a reduced rate.
The stiffness of the load transmission arrangement may vary with, for example, the applied load, and a plunger movement may be achieved which is not possible simply by modifying the profile of the cam.
The first and second surfaces are conveniently resiliently biased apart, for example by one or more disc springs. The supply means conveniently includes a non-return valve whereby fluid can be supplied to the chamber upon separation of the surfaces under the action of the resilient biasing. The non-return valve may comprise a perforated diaphragm. The disc springs are conveniently arranged such that, in use, when the load applied to the device exceeds a predetermined level the disc springs deflect to define a fluid flow path whereby fluid can escape from the chamber in a controlled manner.
Preferably, the fluid supplied to the engine is engine lubricating oil.The invention relates generally to Internet Protocol (IP) packet communication methods and apparatus and more particularly to point to point protocol (PPP) packet communication methods and apparatus.
Internet Protocol (IP) based wireless communication architectures are known. As shown in FIG. 1, in the future the link between a base transceiver station (BTS) 100 and a selection/distribution unit (SDU) 102 will be based on IP that communicates point to point protocol (PPP) packets 101. The SDU may be part of a base site controller (BSC) or other suitable network element. The TIA/EIA/IS-634 standard (e.g., Part 4. Revision A xe2x80x9cCore Protocol Detailsxe2x80x9d) defines the application protocols and the messages shared between the SDU and the BTS 100. These messages between applications 103 will be transported over an IP network 104. In the IS-634 standard, the interface between the SDU and the BTS is called the A3 interface. For the user traffic exchanged between the SDU and the BTS, IS-634 assumes that the transport layer provides the call-context information. This information is not included in the IS-634 message itself. Since the current system is circuit switched, the slot position in the connection between the BTS and the SDU provides this information and in the proposed packetized system, an AAL2 header provides the call-context information. In the IP based system, the unique call-context reference will be specified by using user datagram protocol (UDP) between the SDU and the BTS. A mobile station 105 communicates with the BTS 100 as known. The UDP port number along with the IP address will provide the unique call-context information. The protocol stack 106 between the SDU and the BTS is shown in FIG. 1. An SDU consists of multiple SDU elements. Each SDU element terminates one call. The following four tuple: (IP address of the SDU 108, Port number of the SDU 110, IP address of the BTS 112, Port number on the BTS 114), provides a unique call context for each leg of a call. The IP address and UDP port numbers provide the unique call-context for each IS-634 frames 116. A point to point protocol (PPP) header 118 and PPP CRC information 120 is also used.
In most of the current systems and systems which will be deployed for the next few years, a T1 1.544 Mbps link 122 forms the backhaul link from the BTS 100 to the core network. This link 122 is very expensive and should be able to carry data for as many calls as possible. Hence, the key problem is to compress the data and decrease the header overhead as much as possible. As known in the art, link 122 is terminated using Channel Service Units/Data Service Units (CSU/DSU) 124 and 126.
A standard way to carry IP packets over T1 links is to use point to point protocol (PPP) as a link layer protocol over the T1 link. In the default mode, PPP prepends 5 bytes of header and 2 bytes of trailer to each IP packet; thus the default PPP overhead is 7 bytes. When the two ends of the link negotiate to reduce the header of PPP, the PPP overhead can be reduced to 5 bytes: Flag byte+2-Protocol type bytes+2-CRC bytes. (it cannot be assumed that the protocol type field could be reduced to 1 byte, as the protocol byte field for compressed TCP and UDP payloads occupy 2 bytes). In addition UDP header compression is described by RFC 2508. In this case, the compressed UDP header is 2 bytes. Thus the overhead per IS-634 frame is 7 bytesxe2x80x942 bytes compressed UDP header and 5 bytes PPP overhead. There is also a checksum feature of the UDP header. However, this PPP overhead can be unnecessarily large and can unnecessarily reduce the available bandwidth over the T1.
Another type of multiplexing scheme is described in ITU-T I.363.2, B-ISDN ATM Adaptation Layer: Type AAL2. This is a multiplexing scheme for point to point asynchronous transfer mode (ATM) virtual connections, whereby voice packets from multiple users may be contained in a single ATM cell payload 200. Each AAL2 user packet 202, 204, 206 that is multiplexed onto a given AAL2 virtual connection has a unique call-context reference, a Connection Identifier (CID). An example protocol stack 208 for this scheme is shown in FIG. 2.
Also, there have been several proposals for multiplexing real time transfer protocol (RTP) streams in the Internet. In the proposed designs, interest has also been expressed for reusing the RTP multiplexing scheme for improving the efficiency of transporting data on the BTS backhaul link. In the Internet, RTP multiplexing schemes have been proposed as methods to multiplex a number of low bit rate audio streams into a single RTP/UDP/IP connection between IP telephony gateways 300 and 302. The telephony gateways 300 and 302 may couple to Public telephone Networks (PTNs) 304.
The deployment scenario for these multiplexing schemes is shown in FIG. 3. The RTP multiplexing schemes are used to multiplex traffic between the two gateways 300 and 302 to transport data efficiently over the Internet. A requirement for the multiplexing schemes is that all the RTP streams 306, 308 being multiplexed originate and terminate at the same end-points, i.e. the IP address in the IP/UDP headers 310, 312 are the same. In all the proposals, each multiplexed stream is identified by a channel identifier 314 which is used to identify the payload belonging to that stream. The format and placement of the channel identifier differs between the different scenarios. A lookup table 316 can be used as a mechanism to multiplex or demultiplex IP packets.
One possible case of reusing the RTP multiplexing scheme for the BTS backhaul link is shown in FIG. 4. Much like in the AAL2 multiplexing case, there is an initial level of signaling which involves the SDU, packet control unit 400 PCU and the BTS (BTS includes the network interface board (NIB). This signaling sets up the two maps 402, 404 as shown in FIG. 4. In the upstream direction, the map 404 at the NIB enables the NIB to map from the multi-channel carrier card (MCC) (signal processor and channel coding card) device address that it receives in the packet from the BTS to the C_ID. At the packet control unit (PCU), a mapping is used to the SDU device address from the C_ID received on the link from the BTS. A router 406 suitably routes IS-634 packets to the appropriate SDU. The opposite occurs for downstream traffic. If the SDU sits on an IP network, this would mean recreating the UDP/IP header for the SDU device. This is very different from the process occurring in the Internet RTP multiplexing scheme. Recreating IP/UDP headers is a more complicated task than using the C_ID to identify one stream in a multiplexed RTP stream.
Another possibility of using RTP Multiplexing is shown in FIG. 5. In this scheme the SDU multiplexes the user information destined to one BTS into one multiplexed RTP stream 500 using routers 502 and 504. The disadvantages of this scheme are that the scheme cannot multiplex traffic destined to one BTS from different SDUs. In addition, the multiplexing gain may not be very high at the SDU. Typically there are two or three SDU serving 100 BTSs. Also, unless an RTP header is used for achieving synchronization between the SDU and the BTS, the RTP header is useless and one might have to implement real-time transfer control protocol (RTCP) at the SDU and the BTS to be able to use RTP.
Accordingly a need exists for a method and apparatus for reducing PPP packet sizes communicated over a communication link.It is common practice to load a quantity of individual packages of consumer products into corrugated paperboard shipping containers for bulk shipment of the packages to a point of sale. At the point of sale, the individual packages may be removed from the shipping container and placed on a shelf for display and sale to the consumer.
In some instances, the product packages may be left in the shipping container which then also serves to support and display the packages for sale. If the shipping container is a conventional box, then the retailer must cut away a portion of the box in order to expose the product packages and provide access to them by the consumers. In order to provide a more attractive display and facilitate ease of use by the retailer, combination of shipping and display containers have been developed which have one or more sections that may be removed along weakened lines to expose the product packages and provide access to them.In the fabrication of a semiconductor integrated circuit (IC), it is desirable to fabricate the IC with materials having a low resistivity (i.e., property of resistance to current flow) in order to optimize its electrical performance by decreasing the resistance of the IC. Lower resistance ICs allow faster processing of information due to a smaller delay time associated with resistance to current flow therethrough.
Individual devices are typically connected within an IC using metal lines (i.e., conductive layers), such as aluminum or copper layers. Resistivity of metal lines plays an increasingly important role in the overall resistance of an IC. As ICs become more dense, wiring length increases. Furthermore, wiring pitch decreases, which effectively decreases the wiring width. As the wiring width decreases, resistivity of the wiring material becomes a dominant factor as compared to parasitic capacitance between wires (i.e., that associated with device resistance). Thus, it is desirable to decrease the resistivity of wiring material within an IC.
It is preferable to use copper within an IC, particularly for interconnect lines and structures (i.e., conductive digit lines and plugs connecting the conductive layers), because copper has a lower resistivity and a higher resistance to electromigration (i.e., the transport of metal atoms in conductors carrying large current densities, resulting in morphological degradation of the conductors) than aluminum. Voids (i.e., regions of macroscopic depletion of atoms) and hillocks (i.e., regions of macroscopic accumulation of atoms) are produced by electromigration. One reason why copper is less susceptible to voiding than aluminum is because the grain boundary diffusion of vacancies in copper has a significantly higher activation energy than the same in aluminum.
Techniques for deposition of copper during fabrication of a semiconductor IC have not been selectively controlled in the past. Such conventional copper deposition techniques include evaporation, sputtering, and chemical vapor deposition (CVD). When using nonselective deposition techniques, excess copper often needs to be removed from surfaces to which it adheres, but on which copper is not desired. This requires an extra processing step. An etchant, such as a dry, chlorine-based plasma etchant is typically used for removing excess copper on a surface.
Deposition of copper on certain materials, such as titanium-containing materials (e.g., titanium and titanium nitride), has also been problematic in the past. Titanium-containing materials are utilized in the fabrication of interconnect structures in which copper is typically formed. For example, titanium-containing diffusion barrier layers are beneficial when formed between copper and silicon because copper has a tendency to diffuse into silicon. The use of diffusion barrier layers prevents the degree of copper migration seen in the absence of a diffusion barrier layer. By using a titanium-containing diffusion barrier layer, the degree of lattice mismatch between copper and silicon is also minimized, as the lattice spacing of titanium is intermediate between that of copper and that of silicon. Previous deposition of copper on titanium-containing materials, however, has repeatedly been plagued with nonuniform thicknesses, poor adhesion, and poor step coverage on complex surfaces, such as contact holes and vias.
One deposition technique involves the chemical reduction of a metal ion from a metal compound contained in solution onto a catalytically active surface. This is known as electroless deposition. Consequently, this technique has the potential to selectively deposit on catalytically active surfaces. Conventional electroless copper deposition on titanium-containing materials, however, has not been perfected. For example, electrodeposition baths (i.e., ionic solutions without any external electrodes) containing copper sulfate (CuSO.sub.4) and sulfuric acid (H.sub.2 SO.sub.4) often experience difficulties with rapid oxidation (i.e., the formation of native oxides) of the titanium-containing material surface during deposition, which prevents adequate copper layer adhesion. Similarly, baths containing copper pyrophosphate (Cu.sub.2 P.sub.2 O.sub.7), potassium pyrophosphate (K.sub.2 H.sub.2 P.sub.2 O.sub.7), ammonium hydroxide (NH.sub.4 OH), and ammonium nitrate (NH.sub.4 NO.sub.3), or baths containing copper fluoroborate (Cu[BF.sub.4 ].sub.2), fluoroboric acid (HBF.sub.4), and boric acid (HBO.sub.3) do not provide adequate copper layer adhesion due to the fact that deposited copper dissolves away in water. Another electrodeposition bath containing tetra-ammonium cuprate (Cu[NH.sub.3 ].sub.4) and ammonium hydroxide (NH.sub.4 OH) does not deposit copper well on titanium-containing diffusion barrier layer materials either.
Conventional electroless copper deposition baths often contain alkali elements, such as lithium, sodium, and potassium, to increase the pH and thereby increase the reaction rate of the electroless deposition process. Alkali components provide a relatively large increase in the pH of an electroless copper deposition bath for a given amount of the alkali components. However, it is undesirable to utilize large amounts of alkali elements in the fabrication of ICs because residual alkali metal ions easily drift under applied electric fields to interfaces, such as silicon/silicon dioxide interfaces within an IC, introducing positive ionic charge in undesired areas that alters device characteristics. This phenomenon potentially causes IC failure, due to such altering of device characteristics.
Another technique for depositing copper on a substrate from an electroless deposition solution includes using a nucleating layer between the substrate and the deposited copper layer in order to initiate copper deposition. In the past, aluminum has been utilized for such a nucleating layer. While the use of such a layer catalyzes the reaction, it does not increase the reaction rate of copper deposition enough to allow for an alkali-free electroless deposition solution to be used in conjunction therewith. Furthermore, when using such a technique, an aluminum layer remains between the copper layer and the substrate. This can potentially cause adhesion problems and increase the resistivity of interconnects when used therein due to the higher resistivity of aluminum as compared to copper. Resistivity of interconnects formed in such a manner is also typically further increased when using such a technique because an oxide layer usually remains on the aluminum layer prior to depositing the copper layer thereon.
Another problem with conventional electroless copper deposition is that implanted nucleation sites need to be formed on the surface on which copper is to be deposited when a nucleation layer is not formed on the underlying surface. Conventionally, electroless deposition of copper onto certain materials, such as titanium-containing materials, will not occur in the absence of implants (e.g., gold, silver, palladium, or platinum) in the underlying surface or activation baths containing similar components. The presence of implants in the underlying surface or the activation bath is needed to provide nucleation sites for the copper deposition reaction. Once copper nucleation is initialized, however, deposited copper acts as its own catalyst via an autocatalytic mechanism (i.e., copper provides more of the catalyzing mechanism--itself--as it is created).
Electroless deposition of copper has been used in printed circuit board (PCB) manufacturing and other applications where critical dimensions are ten microns or greater. Typically, deposition of copper within an IC requires that copper be accurately deposited to much smaller critical dimensions. However, many conventional electroless copper deposition techniques have not perfected accurate deposition at such small critical dimensions.
Thus, there is a need for a method for electroless deposition of copper and other materials that is generally fast and efficient. There is a further need for a method for electroless deposition, such as copper electroless deposition, that does not require nucleation layers, implants, or activation baths for providing nucleation sites on surfaces on which the material is to be deposited. It is further desirable to provide a method for electroless deposition that provides a high conductivity layer of deposited material that adheres well to a substrate.1. Field of the Invention
This invention relates to shaving units and is directed more particularly to shaving units of the type in which portions thereof are movable during a shaving operation to effect dynamic changes in the shaving geometry of the unit.
2. Description of the Prior Art
In some known shaving units, the shaving geometry, i.e., the spatial relationships between the blade and rigid portions of the razor head are fixed. U.S. Pat. No. 3,786,563, issued Jan. 22, 1974 to Francis W. Dorion, et al is illustrative of this type of razor unit, and is further illustrative of the spatial relationships deemed pertinent.
In a second known category of shaving units, the shaving geometry is adjustable in that one or more of the portions of the unit may be re-positioned relative to the others, by the user, and remain in their new positions until selectively re-adjusted. U.S. patent application Ser. No. 432,842, filed Jan. 4, 1974 by Chester F. Jacobson is illustrative of such a unit.
It has also been proposed to construct a shaving system with a cap member fixed relative to a handle and with blade and guard members made fast with each other and spring biased to a position of maximum blade exposure, the blade and guard members being adapted to retract against the spring bias upon encountering undue resistance during shaving. An arrangement of this sort is described in U.S. Pat. No. 4,063,354, issued Dec. 20, 1977 to Harry Pentney et al.
Several arrangements of shaving units permitting dynamic movement of various portions thereof during a shaving operation have been devised; examples of such contrivances are illustrated in U.S. Pat. Nos. 1,935,452 issued Nov. 14, 1933 to M. R. Kondolf; 2,313,818 issued Mar. 16, 1943 to H. J. Gaisman; 2,327,967, issued Aug. 24, 1943 to P. N. Peters; 2,915,817 issued Dec. 8, 1959 to E. Peck; 3,500,539, issued Mar. 17, 1970 to J. P. Muros; 3,657,810 issued Apr. 25, 1972 to W. I. Nissen; 3,685,150 issued Aug. 22, 1972 to F. L. Risher; and 3,740,841 issued June 26, 1973 to F. L. Risher.1. Field of the Invention
This invention relates generally to attachments and, more specifically, to attachments for forming branch connections to either flexible or rigid tubing.
2. Description of the Prior Art
The concept of attachments such as Ts or elbows for flexible or rigid polymer tubing are well known in the art. Typical branching attachments include a T that is spliced into the main branch. Installation of the T requires cutting the main line and sealing the T to the cut edges of the main line. Another type of branch connector is a yoke-type connector, usually made out of metal, which fits around a portion of the pipe and holds the branch connector to the main line.
The present invention provides an attachment for flexible or rigid tubing which does not require severing the main line and needs a minimum of parts to self-lock and form a tight seal around the main line.1. Technical Field of the Invention
The present invention relates generally to port connection devices including serial, parallel and video port connectors, and, more particularly, to a computer port connector that can be selectively coupled to a mating connector.
2. Description of Related Art
In the market of portable electronic devices such as laptop computers and personal digital assistants (PDA's), a need has been established to expedite the connection and disconnection of the main computer to the peripheral devices (printers, monitors digital projectors, modem, for example).
Traditional means has been to couple the two mating sections and then thread opposing screws located on the mating section of the connector into jack screw receptacles of the fixed mating section. Some connectors have captive screws, requiring the user to physically use a screwdriver to secure the connectors, while others have an integral knob or handle to aid in the task. This means of securing the connection is time consuming and cumbersome.
What is needed is a connector adapted for quick connection and disconnection while retaining and using the traditional jack screw receptacles common to all devices while still providing a secure means of attachment.This invention relates to a process for the preparation of a polyether polyol that has a reduced unsaturation content.
Polyether polyols suitable for use in preparing polyurethanes are usually prepared by the reacting in the presence of a basic alkoxylation catalyst an initiator compound having active hydrogen atoms with an alkylene oxide such as, for example, ethylene oxide or especially propylene oxide. Typical catalysts include tertiary amines, or hydroxide or alkoxide of sodium and potassium. However, under the overall conditions of the reaction including catalyst concentration, elevated temperature and pressure, the propylene oxide may isomerize and rearrange to give an allyl alkoxide before it can react with the initiator. The ability to prepare high equivalent weight polyether polyols in the presence of the allyl alkoxide is reduced as the allyl alkoxide competes in reaction for the remaining alkylene oxide, thereby limiting molecular weight build up on the initiator. The allyl adduct is commonly described as the unsaturation content of a polyether polyol.
When a high equivalent weight polyether polyol having a high unsaturation content is used in the preparation of, for example, a flexible polyurethane foam, a product with undesirable properties can result. Problems such as foam discoloration, inferior compressive and tensile strengths, low reactivity, low flexural modulus and poor humid aging may be observed. It would therefore be desirable to provide a means for preparing a polyether polyol having a reduced unsaturation content, permitting the manufacture of improved polyurethane polymers.
It is known from the art that the unsaturation content of a polyether polyol may be reduced by a subsequent acid treatment such as discussed by Dege et al., Journal of the American Chemical Society, p. 3374, Vol. 81 (1959), or as disclosed in U.S. Pat. Nos. 2,996,550 and 3,271,462. However, such acid treatment of polyether polyols is not always practical, adding to production costs and generating waste products which must be subsequently removed from the polyols and discarded. Accordingly, it would be more desirable to provide a means of preparing a polyether polyol in which the accompanying buildup of unsaturation during its manufacture is avoided or minimized.
The art contains various disclosures which teach the selection of certain substances functioning as alkoxylation catalyst, when preparing polyether polyols, and which additionally minimize formation of unsaturated substances. U.S. Pat. Nos. 3,393,243 discloses the use of cesium hydroxide for the preparation of polyoxypropylene polyether polyols having an equivalent weight of from 1500 to 2500 and reduced levels of unsaturation. U.S. Pat. No. 5,010,187 discloses the use of barium- or strontium-containing substances for a similar purpose. In an improvement of this latter disclosure, U.S. Pat. No. 5,114,619 discloses the controlled concomitant addition of limited amounts of water during addition of the alkylene oxide to provide for a further reduction in the unsaturation content of polyether polyols prepared in the presence of such barium- or strontium-containing catalyst substances. It is also reported that substitution of water by low molecular weight diols or triols does not provide for a reduction in the unsaturation content of the resulting polyether polyol. While studying further this latter improved process the present inventors have confirmed the value of water when preparing a polyether triol having a low unsaturation content, but are unable to observe a similar reduction of unsaturation content when preparing a polyether diol. Further investigation of this observation has led to the present discovery.The present invention relates to data processing by digital computer, and more particularly to a user interface (UI) for defining a text file transformation.
Organizations today are realizing substantial business efficiencies in the development of data intense, connected, software applications, which provide seamless access to database systems within large corporations, as well as externally linking business partners and customers alike. Such distributed and integrated data systems are a necessary requirement for realizing and benefiting from automated business processes, yet this goal has proven to be elusive in real world deployments for a number of reasons, including the myriad of different database systems and programming languages involved in integrating today's enterprise back-end systems
Internet technologies in particular have given organizations an ability to share information in real-time with customers, partners, and internal business units. These entities, however, often store and exchange data in dissimilar formats, such as Extensible Markup Language (XML), databases, and legacy Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) systems. Long before EDI and XML applications became commonplace, text files have been used as a way to exchange data between applications and computer systems. Today, businesses employ legacy software that can no longer be modified, but produces useful output in the form of text files or requires input in such form. Integrating these legacy applications into a modern computing environment can be challenging. The structure of flat files and text documents varies from application to application, making processing and integrating legacy data with other structured data formats difficult. Often these files may be produced by reporting tools and contain formatting that makes data reuse difficult, without extracting relevant portions of data. At other times, it may no longer be possible to update the software that processes such legacy files, and hence even newer software must produce files in the old legacy format.An important use of computers is the transfer of information over a network. Currently, the largest computer network in existence is the Internet. The Internet is a worldwide interconnection of computer networks that communicate using a common protocol. Millions of computers, from low end personal computers to high-end super computers are coupled to the Internet.
The Internet grew out of work funded in the 1960s by the U.S. Defense Department's Advanced Research Projects Agency. For a long time, Internet was used by researchers in universities and national laboratories to share information. As the existence of the Internet became more widely known, many users outside of the academic/research community (e.g., employees of large corporations) started to use Internet to carry electronic mail.
In 1989, a new type of information system known as the World-Wide-Web ("the Web") was introduced to the Internet. Early development of the Web took place at CERN, the European Particle Physics Laboratory. The Web is a wide-area hypermedia information retrieval system aimed to give wide access to a large universe of documents. At that time, the Web was known to and used by the academic/research community only. There was no easily available tool which allows a technically untrained person to access the Web.
In 1993, researchers at the National Center for Supercomputing Applications (NCSA) released a Web browser called "Mosaic" that implemented a graphical user interface (GUI). Mosaic's graphical user interface was simple to learn yet powerful. The Mosaic browser allows a user to retrieve documents from the World-Wide-Web using simple point-and-click commands. Because the user does not have to be technically trained and the browser is pleasant to use, it has the potential of opening up the Internet to the masses. The architecture of the Web follows a conventional client-server model. The terms "client" and "server" are used to refer to a computer's general role as a requester of data (the client) or provider of data (the server). Under the Web environment, Web browsers reside in clients and Web documents reside in servers. Web clients and Web servers communicate using a protocol called "HyperText Transfer Protocol" (HTTP). A browser opens a connection to a server and initiates a request for a document. The server delivers the requested document, typically in the form of a text document coded in a standard Hypertext Markup Language (HTML) format, and when the connection is closed in the above interaction, the server serves a passive role, i.e., it accepts commands from the client and cannot request the client to perform any action.
The communication model under the conventional Web environment provides a very limited level of interaction between clients and servers. In many systems, increasing the level of interaction between components in the systems often makes the systems more robust, but increasing the interaction increases the complexity of the interaction and typically slows the rate of the interaction. Thus, the conventional Web environment provides less complex, faster interactions because of the Web's level of interaction between clients and servers.A known cap for forming a sealed cavity around an end of a fastener protruding from a structure is described in WO-A-2012/107741. The cap has a two part construction with an inner cap and an outer cap. Sealing material is provided between the caps, and the outer cap is pushed down to force the sealing material into an annular pocket and form a seal with the structure.The increasing use of hydrogen in chemical industries and oil refining and clean technologies puts pressure on hydrogen sources, hydrogen production capacities and hydrogen supplies. H2 is used for example for fuel desulfurization, production of ammonia NH3, methanol and other alcohol, urea, hydrochloric acid HCl, in Fischer-Tropsch reactions, i.e. conversion of CO and H2 into liquid hydrocarbon, as a reducing agent in metallurgy and for adding value to petroleum products and oils by hydrogenation. More than 41 million tons of H2 are produced annually, of which 80% by steam reforming, partial oxidation and auto thermal reforming of natural gas. Renewable hydrocarbons and biogas are also used as starting sources.
Methane steam reforming (see relation 1 below) is performed at high temperature, typically between about 800° C. and about 900° C. The resulting H2 and CO gas mixture is cooled down to a temperature in a range comprised between about 350° C. and 450° C. upon exiting a first reactor, and introduced in a second reactor where a water gas shift reaction (WGS) takes place (relation 2 below):CH4+H2O→3H2+CO  (relation 1)CO+H2O⇄H2+CO2  (relation 2)
Then H2 (40 mol %) is mixed with CO2 (55 mol %), CO (3 mol %) and H2S (1-3 mol %) from the original hydrocarbons source.
A number of methods are known to separate and purify H2, such as: i) cryogenic distillation, allowing a purity up to 95%, ii) separation using a polymer membrane, allowing a purity up to 98%, iii) adsorption on a molecular sieve or pressure swing adsorption (PSA), allowing a purity up to about 99.9%, and iv) separation using a metal membrane, allowing a purity of more than to about 99.95%.
In a number of applications such as in H2 supply of fuel cells and specific files of specialized chemical industry, H2 with a purity above 99.999% is needed. For example, fuel cells must be supplied with H2 containing less than 100 ppm carbon monoxide or sulfur. In order to achieve such of purity levels, additional purification stages are needed after the stages of H2 production. H2 purification using metal membranes allow achieving high purity levels and thus look promising for such applications.
Purification by adsorption on a molecular sieve or pressure swing adsorption (PSA) is the most widely used method on production sites. In this method, each adsorbent bed goes through adsorption, depressurization, purging at low pressure and pressurization steps in a continuous operation of the pressure swing adsorption (PSA) unit. The gas flow and distribution among the beds is monitored by a complex network of valves and tubing, which makes the system delicate and the method expensive. Moreover, a dead load in the tubing and valves of the system significantly reduces the yield and efficiency of the method. Finally, the method requires cooling down the gas exiting the water gas shift (WGS) reactor from about 400° C. to 40° C. before going through the pressure swing adsorption (PSA) unit, which results in high energy losses.
In contrast, if the H2 separation is done at high temperature, the purification could be integrated within the water gas shift (WGS) reactor or even within a steam reforming reactor, which would allow avoiding cooling of the gas, and therefore allow significant energy savings and method simplification.
H2 separation at high temperature is possible using membranes that are permeable to hydrogen. In such a method, molecular H2 at a temperature between about 450° C. and 500° C. is adsorbed at the surface of a membrane and dissociated into atomic H before diffusing within the membrane. Under the effect of the concentration gradient, the atomic H crosses the membrane and recombines on its opposite surface to form H2. As the membrane is impermeable to the other species, i.e. CO, CO2, etc. . . . , the membrane thus allows separating and purifying gas H2 (see FIG. 1). In theory, in absence of openings in the membrane, an infinite selectivity can be achieved. H2 separation occurs in a passive way, i.e. in absence of any mobile element, which makes the method very easy to operate and reliable. Such a method is very flexible and can easily be integrated with different types of reactors.
As hydrogen is soluble in palladium, palladium can be used for separation of hydrogen from other gases that are not soluble in palladium. However, at a high concentration of hydrogen in palladium, a phase transformation occurs which renders the membrane fragile. Moreover, Pd reacts with H2S present in the mixture of gases being separated and forms palladium sulfildes, causing a significant drop of H2 solubility and therefore an efficiency drop of the separation method.
In order to overcome these problems, palladium-based alloys are used with different temperatures at which H2 causes the above-mentioned phase transformation to increase the resistance to poisoning.
There are different methods available to prepare palladium-based alloys, namely metallurgical methods (vacuum arc melting, casting), physical vapor deposition (PVD) methods (magnetron sputtering, pulse laser deposition), electrochemical and electroless deposition. Generally, metallurgical methods are used for the preparation of stand-alone membranes, while the other methods mentioned above are preferred when preparing supported membranes on porous substrates. Metallurgical methods rely on long heat treatments at high temperatures to achieve homogenous alloys. Alloys can be formed in one single step with PVD techniques, however scaling up is not straightforward. Electroless deposition consists in chemically reducing target metal salts ions that deposit on the surface of a substrate. The reduction is done in sequence, and followed by a thermal treatment to favor diffusion of the metallic ions and alloy formation. Alternatively, metallic powders of pure elements may be mixed and pressed on the substrate before applying a thermal treatment forming an alloy. In both cases, the duration and temperature of the thermal treatment are adapted according to a desired alloy composition.
There is still a need in the art for a method and system for fabrication of hydrogen-permeable membranes.This invention relates to an apparatus for the aerial dispensing of articles, such as planting containers.
For reforestation, particularly in remote or difficult terrain, it is desirable to be able to perform the planting operation from aircraft. However, to date, no entirely satisfactory system has been devised. Aerial methods presently in use consist of dispensing seeds or seeds coated with material such as clay. Because of the low incidence of germination this method requires very large numbers of seeds, and the spacing of trees is difficult to control.
U.S. Pat. No. 3,755,962 by J. Walters describes a method and apparatus for the aerial planting of containerized seeds or seedlings including an apparatus for dispensing the containers from an aircraft. In the dispensing apparatus shown the containers are fed along guideways by container engaging arms attached to endless chains, differing substantially from the present invention.1. Field of the Invention
2. Description of the Need for the Invention
Many persons, particularly elderly and disabled persons, often desire to have an accessory, such as a foot rest, which can be used in a variety of ways. In one usage, a person might wish to elevate the foot or both feet in order to alleviate a physical condition, such as pain that is occasioned by having the foot occupy a restrained position for a prolonged period of time. In other usages, the foot rest can provide a suitable support when the person is seated or is in a position where such support is desired.
The prior art provides a number of footrest. One type is provided by a frame that is inserted into separated slots of a plate, but this arrangement is not adjustable in height or width.
Other solutions have been proposed which typically are complex and costly.
Accordingly, it is a principal object of the invention to provide a support that is inexpensive and simple to construct and can meet the requirements of persons who wish to adjustably support body appendages such as legs in order to satisfy a physical or exercise requirement.The present invention relates to a new and distinct cultivar of Echinacea and given the cultivar name ‘Meteor Pink’. Echinacea is in the family Asteraceae. The new cultivar is part of a planned breeding program for a series with compact habits and double “anemone”-type inflorescences. The exact parents of this selection are unknown, unnamed, proprietary interspecific hybrids of Echinacea paradoxa×Echinacea purpurea. 
Compared to Echinacea ‘Secret Romance’ (U.S. Plant Pat. No. 23,036), the new cultivar is shorter and has inflorescences with contrasting bright pink disc florets and light pink ray florets rather than all medium pink.
Compared to Echinacea ‘Pink Double Delight’ (U.S. Plant Pat. No. 18,803), the new cultivar is shorter, has more crowns, and a more upright habit, with larger inflorescences that are a different shade of pink.
This new Echinacea cultivar is distinguished by:                1. enlarged disc florets forming an anemone-type inflorescence,        2. light pink ray florets and medium pink disc florets,        3. ray florets which are held horizontally,        4. a short, mounding habit with excellent stem count, and        5. excellent vigor.        
This new cultivar has been reproduced only by asexual propagation (division and tissue culture). Each of the progeny exhibits identical characteristics to the original plant. Asexual propagation by division and tissue culture using standard micropropagation techniques with terminal and lateral shoots, as done in Canby, Oreg., shows that the foregoing characteristics and distinctions come true to form and are established and transmitted through succeeding propagations. The present invention has not been evaluated under all possible environmental conditions. The phenotype may vary with variations in environment without a change in the genotype of the plant.Solid-state memory, such as flash, is currently in use in solid-state drives (SSD) to augment or replace conventional hard disk drives (HDD), writable CD (compact disk) or writable DVD (digital versatile disk) drives, collectively known as spinning media, and tape drives, for storage of large amounts of data. Flash and other solid-state memories have characteristics that differ from spinning media. Yet, many solid-state drives are designed to conform to hard disk drive standards for compatibility reasons, which makes it difficult to provide enhanced features or take advantage of unique aspects of flash and other solid-state memory. Address spaces optimized for spinning media may be suboptimal for solid-state memory.
It is within this context that the embodiments arise.The present invention relates to the general field of cooling a turbomachine rotor disk that is located downstream from the cone for driving the disk in rotation. The invention relates more precisely to a device for cooling the slots in such a disk that have the blades mounted therein.
One of the fields of application of the invention is that of low-pressure turbines for aviation turbomachines of the bypass and two-spool type.
Each stage of the low-pressure turbine of a turbomachine is made up of a nozzle formed by a plurality of stationary vanes placed in a flow passage, and a rotary wheel placed behind of the nozzle and formed by a plurality of movable blades likewise placed in the flow passage and mounted via their roots in slots in a rotor disk. The rotor disks of the turbine are generally assembled to one another by means of rings that are fastened together by bolted connections passing through fastener flanges. The resulting disk assembly is itself connected to a turbine shaft via a cone in order to be driven in rotation.
In operation, the flow passage through the low-pressure turbine passes gas at a temperature that is very high. In order to avoid damaging the rotor disks and the blades mounted thereon, it is known to cool these parts by causing cool air to flow into the slots of the rotor disks. For this purpose, one of the known solutions consists in taking cooler air (for example from the high-pressure compressor of the turbomachine) and taking it via a cooling circuit to the slots of the rotor disks. For example, the air that is taken may be conveyed to the slots of the disks by passing via notches formed in the fastener flanges of the ring of the disk between the bolted connections. Reference may be made to document EP 2 009 235, which describes an example of such a cooling device.
Unfortunately, that type of cooling device is not applicable to all existing low-pressure turbines. In particular, it is not always possible to have recourse to a cooling device of the kind described above for cooling the disk that is situated directly downstream from the cone for driving the disks in rotation, because of leaks appearing at the fastener flanges.1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to a foldable transportable structure that when deployed provides a truly collapsible, transportable, insulated and lightweight structure that is safe, reliable and internationally compliant. Its designed flexibility provides maximum convenience for the following: quick deployment to nearly any geographic location; use of varying component materials and sizes; and interconnectability of single units for multiple unit combinations. The ability of the structure to be air-dropped also allows service to the most remote locations where shelter or facility use is needed.
2. Description of the Prior Art
Typically, supplied conventional structures offer only one or a few of a complete set of required properties that include: an easily erectable configuration for fast field installation; a requirement of NO tools or separate parts and pieces for assembly; a capability for remote deployment; a specific insulation value if needed; structural integrity; long-term durability; a design that allows for flexible use of materials choice and the potential to combine together multiple units.
U.S. Pat. No. 5,493,818 describes a “collapsible” structure having improved storage and shipping properties which are achieved by specific designing of the size, shape and hingeable connection positions whereas said structure is erectable and collapsible within minutes utilizing a minimal amount of tools and effort.
Geometric and dimensional limitations will not allow this structure to physically collapse into a stackable configuration as claimed. The roof panels will not be able to completely stretch out to lay flat when the roof panels are of a long enough dimension to form a gabled configuration, as their combined length when laying flat is much longer than the available length that the wall panels provide when they are in their folded flat configuration. An attempt to collapse the roof panels into a fully folded flat position will cause the wall panels below to hinge-bind dramatically resulting in neither of the roof or wall panels being able to lay completely flat. Alternately, when the wall panels are in a completely folded flat position the gable roof panels will not be allowed to fully stretch out and lay flat. In summary, the designed geometry will not allow full complete collapse of the stacked panels. All Sections and Claims within U.S. Pat. No. 5,493,818 refer to the invention as being a fully collapsible structure, which it will not be able to accomplish. This may be why it has not been adopted for large scale use.
U.S. Pat. No. 4,779,514 describes a “modular portable building unit” susceptible to air transport, and includes a roof, foldable side walls and foldable end walls having the same width as the height of the side walls. Three of the modular building units can be interfitted (sic) to form a building having four times as much floor space as the single modular building unit. The inclusion of a floor in the modular building is optional, and the inclusion of a separate pitched roof assembly for positive roof drainage is optional. Additional object of the invention is to provide a modular building unit that when folded down will allow transport by air or truck, and to allow combinations of multiple units together.
This method is limited by the gable end panels being separate components, and the separate fastening components and systems required to erect and/or collapse the unit. Redeployment and transport of this structure can be accomplished only after a very time consuming and tedious removal of many parts and pieces has been done. The lack of provisions for a passage opening, door, or other means shown for ingress or egress between the connected units is detrimental to the function and internal occupant flow of the connected units. Therefore no added value to the user from connecting the units together is recognized, and this may be why this system has not been adopted for large scale use.
U.S. Pat. No. 4,166,343 describes a hollow, generally rectilinear structure having a top, a bottom, sides and ends that can be constructed so as to be capable of being manipulated between a “normal” or unfolded type configuration and a collapsed or folded configuration in which the ends extend generally parallel to and beneath the top and in which the sides are folded so as to be located next to the ends generally between the bottom and the top. Such a structure includes hinges connecting the ends to the top so that they can be pivoted so as to lie generally parallel to the top. Such a structure is disclosed as having utility as a playhouse or storage shed but can be utilized for other purposes such as a container.
This structure is limited in that the gable end panels are separate panels that are hinged to the roof panel. The erection of the unit will not be manageable by the roof having to carry the added weight of the gable panels during erection of the side walls and roof panels at the same time. This will be completely unmanageable in the field. The structure also does not have means for combination of multiple units, or optional door placement locations, or a window to provide ventilation. This may be why this structure has not been adopted for field use, and is not a presently being manufactured.
U.S. Pat. No. 3,906,671 describes an adjustable door frame having frame portions formed by first and second frame sections cooperatively arrangeable (sic) on a wall of an opening.
This method provides adjustability only to the door frame for installation to variable wall thicknesses, and can only provide one of four possible door swing functions or configurations when installed. The mitered head jamb and casing pieces directly attach to the mitered hinge and strike jambs. This static configuration does not allow for the potential inversion of the hinge and strike jambs that would be required so that the entire door and frame assembly could be installed in either a right or left hand, or inside or outside, door swing configuration. In order for a door frame assembly to be completely and fully adjustable both of the hinge and strike jamb components must have the ability to be inverted and attachable to either the head or sill components so that the entire frame and door assembly can be installed in any of the 4 each possible swing configurations. This may be why this invention has not been adapted for field structures use.
U.S. Pat. No. 4,395,855 describes a pre-fabricated door frame assembly, the components which are adjustable and such that the assembly can be used for either right or left handed doors and can fit a wide variety of widths and heights of door openings through walls of varying thicknesses.
This method is designed to attach to standard constructed building walls that are normally much wider than the thinner wall panels typically used for flat-pack shelter units, and requires separate fasteners and tools for attachment to the wall system. This invention also does not include an integrated threshold or weather strip component for exterior wall use, which would be necessary for shelter units that would be deployed in hot or cold climates. This invention has limited use in that is does not offer diversity and the flexibility to be used in both interior and/or exterior applications, and it is not easily reversible or re-installable in the field without the use of tools or separate fasteners that may or may not be available.
U.S. Pat. No. 3,420,003 describes an adjustable door frame that adjusts to varying wall thicknesses, and can be installed quickly and easily with screws that go directly into the wall system. It consists of several longitudinal trim and jamb components that overlap and stay in place by ratchet teeth and backing plates that when the installation screw component is installed the separate pieces become locked into place.
This method is designed to attach to standard constructed building walls, and requires separate fasteners and tools for attachment to the wall system. This invention also does not include an integrated threshold or weather strip component for exterior wall use, which would be necessary for shelter units that would be deployed in hot or cold climates. This invention has limited use in that is does not offer diversity and the flexibility to be used in both interior and/or exterior applications, and it is not easily reversible or re-installable in the field without the use of tools or separate fasteners that may or may not be available.
U.S. Pat. No. 5,448,799 describes a hinge assembly for pivotally adjoining two panels together such as a shower door and its enclosure. A pair of continuous channel members are provided which are provided with an axial aligned rod and tubular channel for rotatably (sic) receiving the rod.
This method includes a weather strip component that protrudes beyond the profile of the wall panel extrusions. This component could not be utilized in a foldable structure as the protrusion will not allow adjacent and connected together wall panels to lay flat against each other when the structure is in a collapsed position.The posterior eye segment tissue such as vitreous body, retina, choroid, and sclera is an important domain for visual performance. If the domain is damaged, it may often cause severely-reduced visual acuity or visual loss. Typical diseases in posterior eye segment include age-related macular degeneration, diabetic retinopathy, diabetic macular edema, macular edema, myopic choroidal neovascularization, retinal vein occlusion, choroidal neovascularization, uveitis, retinitis pigmentosa, proliferative vitreoretinopathy, and central serous chorioretinopathy. In particular, age-related macular degeneration or diabetic retinopathy is main diseases causing visual loss in late-middle-aged to senile people in developed countries such as Europe, America, and Japan, which is a very problematic disease in ophthalimic clinic and also in whole society (Patent Literature 1).
In general, the drug delivery to the posterior eye segment such as retina via blood is severely limited with blood-retinal barrier (BRB) in the posterior eye segment. When a drug is administered in eyedrops, most of the drug can be quickly discharged from the eye surface by tear-turnover and then transferred to blood in general-circulation via nasolacrimal canal (Non-Patent Literature 1). Thus, if the amount of a drug in an ophthalmic formulation is 100, the amount of the delivered drug administered in eyedrops is 0.1-0.5 in cornea to which the drug is most transferred; 0.01-0.1 in anterior aqueous humor/iris and ciliary; and about 0.0001 in lens and vitreous body, i.e., it has been known that the delivered amount is too low (Non-Patent Literature 2). In addition, it is generally thought that a drug can be hardly delivered to the posterior eye segment by the administration in eyedrops because the posterior eye segment locates in further back of lens or vitreous body. And, it is generally thought that an ophthalmic suspension which is used in case of a low-water-soluble drug is more difficult to be delivered to the posterior eye segment by the administration in eyedrops than a normal ophthalmic solution, because such drug is not dissolved in water and thus it is generally hardly absorbed into intraocular site (Non-Patent Literature 3). There are some ophthalmic suspensions in clinical practice, but the use is limited in a disease in anterior eye segment such as conjunctivitis. It is thought that the means to make a drug delivered to the posterior eye segment are only an injection into vitreous body or a surgery, or a systemic administration via general circulation blood, i.e., the other means are very difficult (Patent Literature 4, Non-Patent Literature 4).
A disease in posterior eye segment is an eye disease causing a severe symptom, but there are few useful drugs for it, and furthermore the administration is limited because the targeting site is the posterior eye segment where a drug is hard to be delivered. Thus, the treatment for the disease is now done by the injection of an anti-vascular endothelial growth factor (anti-VEGF) into vitreous body, the injection of a steroid into vitreous body or Tenon capsule, the photodynamic therapy (PDT), the surgery of vitreous body, etc. However, all of these current treatments, i.e., injection into eyes, etc., are very invasive for patients, and inflict pain to patients, thus it has been desired to develop a new administration such as eyedrops.
(R)-(−)-2-(4-bromo-2-fluorobenzyl)-1,2,3,4-tetrahydropyrrolo[1,2-a]pyrazine-4-spiro-3′-pyrrolidine-1,2′,3,5′-tetrone (ranirestat) (hereinafter, defined as “Compound A”) has a potent action inhibiting aldose reductase, and the compound is also a low-toxic compound, thus the compound are useful as a drug for treating diabetic complication (Patent Literature 2, Patent Literature 3).
The present invention relates to pens, and more particularly to a combination pen and stylus.
Pens can be used to write on a surface, typically using ink. Pens typically include a writing tip and a cap that covers the writing tip when not in use. Different types of writing tips include ballpoint, fountain, marking, and rollerball writing tips. Styluses are another type of writing instrument and are typically used with touch screens, such as resistive touch screens and capacitive touch screens.Schema mappings are declarative expressions that specify how data that conforms to one or more source schemas is transformed into data that conforms to a target schema. Such mappings can be viewed, in general, as high-level specifications of the data exchange process, and they can be compiled into multiple programming/query languages for the actual implementation of data exchange. A popular logical language for expressing schema mappings is the language of source-to-target tuple-generating dependencies, or source-to-target tgds.
A schema mapping from source to target is invertible if there is a schema mapping from target to source that can completely recover the data source (see Ronald Fagin, Inverting Schema Mappings. PODS 2006, pages 50-59). Existing methods of inverting (i.e., reversing) schema mappings are problematic. For example, most schema mappings in practice cannot be reversed for such reasons as a mapping may not export all source data (some filtering usually takes place), or several data sources may be integrated into one target instance which is a typical union scenario in which the information of where the data “came from” is lost.
Thus, there is a need for a method and system of reversing schema mappings that overcome at least one of the aforementioned difficulties with existing techniques for reversing schema mappings.There exists a long-felt need for safe, inexpensive, easy-to-use, and reliable technologies for energy storage. Large scale energy storage enables diversification of energy supply and optimization of the energy grid. Existing renewable-energy systems (e.g., solar- and wind-based systems) enjoy increasing prominence as energy producers explore non-fossil fuel energy sources, however storage is required to ensure a high quality energy supply when sunlight is not available and when wind does not blow.
Flow battery energy storage systems have been proposed for large-scale energy storage. But existing storage systems suffer from a variety of performance and cost limitations, including, for example, system scalability, round trip energy efficiencies (RTEff), cycle life, and other areas.
Despite significant development effort, no flow battery technology has yet achieved widespread commercial adoption, owing to the materials and engineering hurdles that make system economics unfavorable. Accordingly, there is a need in the art for improved flow batteries.U.S. Pat. No. 7,425,169, filed Dec. 30, 2004 describes a system of interacting with a virtual representation of a real world product. According to this system, a user can buy a toy or item which is associated with a special code. The toy exists in the real world, and the code forms a key to the virtual world. The user enters the code on a website and enters the virtual world.
The virtual world 110 provides activities and views with which the user can interact. The virtual world, as part of the interaction, provides a virtual replica 115 of the actual toy 100. Users can carry out various activities on the website using their virtual version of the toy. For example, the user can form a house with rooms, furniture, clothing, and other items. The user can also carry out activities to earn cash, and purchase virtual items using that cash.The invention relates to methods for depositing samples having the features of the preamble of claim 1, in particular to methods for forming sample arrays in compartments of reaction substrates or reaction plates, such as microtitre plates for example, and to devices for implementing such methods.
It is generally known in biochemistry and genetic engineering to carry out chemical reactions with very small sample volumes using an array technique, in which the reactants are deposited as sample arrangements (arrays) on substrates, brought to reaction and observed. The substrates used are typically glass surfaces onto which very small amounts of sample (e.g. pl volumes) are applied for example by means of so-called picking-spotting tools. Picking-spotting tools have the advantage that the samples can be positioned with high accuracy. However, it is disadvantageous that operation thereof is time-intensive and places particular requirements on the substrate and its physical accessibility. As an alternative, the samples can be applied to the substrate in a contactless manner by means of piezoelectric dispensers, and these have advantages in terms of the speed and the ability to be used in the case of different forms of substrate.
However, contactless deposition of samples, in which no contact takes place between the sample dispenser and the substrate surface, may give rise to reduced accuracy in terms of sample positioning. The droplets or particles of sample move along a trajectory from the sample dispenser to the substrate, wherein the course of the trajectory is known only if the dispenser has been carefully calibrated and can easily be disrupted by external influences. This poses a problem in particular when producing arrays with high sample densities.
Particular problems may arise during the contactless positioning of samples onto substrates which are made at least partially of plastics materials. Experience has shown in practice that it has to date not been possible to use piezoelectric dispensers to produce dense arrays on plastic substrates with high accuracy and reproducibility.
There is particular interest in forming arrays on the bottoms of the compartments of reaction plates, such as microtitre plates or nanotitre plates for example. These reaction plates usually comprise wells made of plastic. When samples are deposited into the wells by means of piezoelectric dispensers, the samples often do not land at the intended positions on the bottom of the well but rather on the walls of the well for example.In a known manually controlled valve of this type, the translation motion of the valve member is controlled by a control screw which passes through a tapped hole formed in the end face opposite to said first orifice and connected to the valve member by a circular "head" which is held in a T-shaped groove in the valve member, with the other end of the screw having a drive head. The valve body is made gastight by a metal bellows connecting the piston valve member to the end face of the valve through which said control screw passes.
Such a valve is driven relatively slowly since several complete turns of the screw are necessary to close the valve. In addition, such a valve is relatively expensive because of the metal bellows.
An object of the present invention is to mitigate these drawbacks and to provide a valve which is cheap and which can be driven quickly.This invention relates to a winding machine for coil bobbins and more particularly, to a winding machine for minute coil bobbins which are adapted to be mounted on the base plates of microcomputer chips or the like and suitably employed as electronic parts of such devices. A variety of winding machines for such purpose have been conventionally proposed and practically employed, and the winding machine of such type usually requires part or bobbin transport mechanisms and soldering machanisms, respectively, corresponding in number to a plurality of bobbin mount jigs arranged in a row on the index carriage which moves reciprocally in the axial direction thereof and rotates in forward and reverse directions about the axis thereof. And since the bobbin mount jigs are adapted to be rotated by a chain so as to present the bobbins loaded thereon to different steps, the direction in which the jigs move the bobbins for processing is limited and in an extreme case, a so-called dead space is formed which results in a large size machine and requires a large space for installation. The provision of the bobbin transport mechanisms in a number corresponding to that of the bobbin mount jigs may inflict damages to the bobbins while they are transferred from one transport mechanism to another.1. Technical Field
The present disclosure relates to acoustic devices and, particularly, to a thermoacoustic device.
2. Description of Related Art
Acoustic devices generally include a signal device and a sound wave generator electrically connected to the signal device. The signal device inputs signals to the sound wave generator, such as loudspeakers. A loudspeaker is an electro-acoustic transducer that converts electrical signals into sound.
There are different types of loudspeakers that can be categorized according to their working principle, such as electro-dynamic loudspeakers, electromagnetic loudspeakers, electrostatic loudspeakers, and piezoelectric loudspeakers. These various types of loudspeakers use mechanical vibration to produce sound waves. In other words they all achieve “electro-mechanical-acoustic” conversion. Among the various types, the electro-dynamic loudspeakers are the most widely used.
A thermophone based on the thermoacoustic effect was made by H. D. Arnold and I. B. Crandall (H. D. Arnold and I. B. Crandall, “The thermophone as a precision source of sound,” Phys. Rev. 10, pp22-38 (1917)). However, the thermophone adopting the platinum strip produces weak sounds because the heat capacity per unit area of the platinum strip is too high.
What is needed, therefore, is to provide a thermoacoustic device having good sound effect and high efficiency.The present disclosure relates to artificial intelligence (AI) and computer machine learning and particularly to a computer implemented system for management of actions in response to errors associated to error screens.
Data structures have been employed for improving operation of computer system. A data structure refers to an organization of data in a computer environment for improved computer system operation. Data structure types include containers, lists, stacks, queues, tables and graphs. Data structures have been employed for improved computer system operation e.g. in terms of algorithm efficiency, memory usage efficiency, maintainability, and reliability.
Artificial intelligence (AI) refers to intelligence exhibited by machines. Artificial intelligence (AI) research includes search and mathematical optimization, neural networks and probability. Artificial intelligence (AI) solutions involve features derived from research in a variety of different science and technology disciplines ranging from computer science, mathematics, psychology, linguistics, statistics, and neuroscience. Machine learning has been described as the field of study that gives computers the ability to learn without being explicitly programmed (Samuel).There is known a system for providing a service that stores data such as a still image, a moving image, or a sound uploaded from a user device. For example, there is known a service that allows the data uploaded from the user device to be shared between limited users, a service that makes the data uploaded (posted) from the user device public, or other such service.The present invention relates generally to electromagnetic actuators, and more particularly, to a stator lamination and outer housing of an actuator.
The desirability of and need for a rotary electromagnetic actuators has been recognized for years. A factor in the effectiveness of rotary electromagnetic actuators is the ability of the actuator to convert electromagnetic forces into useful output torque. That is, the efficiency of the actuator in converting electromagnetic forces into useful output torque is of primary importance. In some rotary actuator designs, a significant factor in this conversion is the presence of undesired air gaps in the actuator, and more specifically, the presence of air gaps between an outer enclosure and a stator in the actuator. For rotary actuators in which a magnetic flux path is formed by a rotor, a stator lamination stack, and an outer enclosure, such undesired air gaps greatly reduce the torque output of the actuator and lead to significant inefficiency in converting electromagnetic forces into useful output torque by creating undesirable reluctance. Useful output torque is maximized when the stator-armature gap provides a flux path having a minimal reluctance.
In an effort to minimize or eliminate this undesirable air gap, the interface between the stator lamination stack and an inner surface of the outer housing needs to be a precision line-to-line fit to eliminate a performance-reducing air gap. In an effort to form this line-to-line fit, current technology relies on a method to heat outer enclosure to expand its inner diameter in order to press the stator lamination into the enclosure. That is, the outer circular enclosure is heated to a desired temperature, and then the stator lamination stack is pressed into the outer enclosure. As the outer enclosure cools, it creates a press fit between the two parts. Such a process, however, is complex and costly, and additionally, may not always form an adequate line-to-line fit at desired locations in the actuator so as to form an efficient flux path.
In another commonly used method, the outer enclosure is made from sheet metal that is wrapped around the stator lamination stack. An additional adhesive may be employed to form a solid connection between the outer enclosure and the stator laminations to prevent unwanted rotation or axial translation therebetween. However, such an adhesive can function as an undesirable air gap and increase reluctance. Furthermore, application of the outer enclosure in such a manner results in a seam within the enclosure, which leaves the actuator unsealed.
Therefore, a need exists for a stator lamination design and method of positioning the stator lamination within an outer enclosure is efficient and cost effective. Additionally, it is desired that such a stator lamination design and construction method assures a line-to-line fit between the stator lamination stack and outer enclosure so as to eliminate a performance reducing air gap therebetween and form an efficient magnetic flux path.1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to a wrench used for tightening and loosening a fastening member such as a bolt, a nut, or a fastening sleeve for a tool holder, and more particularly, to a wrench which includes a wrench body having a ring portion to be engaged with an outer circumferential surface of the fastening member, and wedge members disposed on the inner circumferential surface of the ring portion and adapted to be caught between the inner circumferential surface of the ring portion and the outer circumferential surface of the fastening member.
2. Description of the Related Art
A fastening member, such as a bolt, a nut, or a fastening sleeve for a tool holder, is configured to be rotated in a tightening direction or a loosening direction; and such a fastening member is tightened or loosened through an operation of rotating, in the tightening or loosening direction, a wrench that is engaged with the outer circumference of the fastening member.
A conventional wrench of such a type is disclosed in, for example, Japanese Patent No. 3155888.
FIGS. 1 and 2 shows such a conventional wrench. The wrench 1 shown in FIGS. 1 and 2 includes a wrench body 3 having a ring portion 3a and a handle portion 3b formed integrally with the ring portion 3a. The ring portion 3a has a diameter suitable for disengagable engagement with the outer circumference of a fastening member 2. A plurality of grooves 5 are formed on the inner circumferential surface of the ring portion 3a at predetermined intervals in the circumferential direction so as to extend in the circumferential direction. A roller-shaped wedge member 4 is movably received in each of the grooves 5.
As shown in FIG. 2, each of the grooves 5 has a free region 5a having a relatively large depth and a wedge region 5b located on either side of the free region 5a and shallower than the free region 5a. Further, spring accommodation spaces 6 are formed in the ring portion 3a at circumferential locations corresponding to those of the grooves 5. A guide hole 7 is formed in a partition wall 6a between each of the spring accommodation spaces 6 and the corresponding groove 5 at a location facing the free region 5a. A cylindrical member 8 is disposed in the guide hole 7 to be projectable toward the corresponding groove 5. Moreover, a plate spring 9 is disposed within each of the spring accommodation spaces 6 in order to urge the corresponding cylindrical member 8 to project toward the corresponding groove 5. Therefore, before the ring portion 3a of the wrench 1 is engaged with the fastening member 2, as illustrated by a solid line in FIG. 2, each wedge member 4 is located in the left-hand or right-hand wedge region 5b, because of pressing force applied from the cylindrical member 8.
The conventional wrench 1 having the above-described configuration is used as follows. When the fastening member 2 is to be tightened by use of the wrench 1, the ring portion 3a of the wrench 1 is engaged with the fastening member 2, and then the wrench 1 is rotated in a direction of arrow A in FIG. 2. As result, as indicated by a solid line in FIG. 2, each wedge member 4 is pushed into the right-hand wedge region 5b, whereby the wedge member 4 is caught between the wall surface of the wedge region 5b and the outer circumferential surface of the fastening member 2, and thus the wrench 1 and the fastening member 2 are united. Therefore, the fastening member 2 is tightened through an operation of rotating the wrench 1 in the same direction.
When the fastening member 2 is to be loosened by use of the wrench 1, the ring portion 3a of the wrench 1 is engaged with the fastening member 2, and then the wrench 1 is rotated in a direction of arrow B in FIG. 2. As result, as indicated by an imaginary line in FIG. 2, each wedge member 4 is pushed into the left-hand wedge region 5b, whereby the wedge member 4 is caught between the wall surface of the wedge region 5b and the outer circumferential surface of the fastening member 2, and thus the wrench 1 and the fastening member 2 are united. Therefore, the fastening member 2 is loosened through an operation of rotating the wrench 1 in the same direction.
In such a conventional wrench 1, in a state in which the ring portion 3a of the wrench 1 is not engaged with the fastening member 2, as shown in FIG. 2, each wedge member 4 is located in the left-hand or right-hand wedge region 5b, because of pressing force applied from the corresponding plate spring 9 via the corresponding cylindrical member 8, and a portion of the wedge member 5 projects outward from the inner circumferential surface of the ring portion 3a. Therefore, when the ring portion 3a of the wrench body 3 is engaged with the fastening member 2, the above-mentioned projecting portion of the wedge member 4 interferes with the fastening member 2 and hinders smooth engagement of the ring portion 3a with the fastening member 2.
Moreover, the conventional wrench 1 is configured in such a manner that within each groove 5 the wedge member 4 is restrained in the left-hand or right-hand wedge region 5b by means of the corresponding plate spring 9 and the corresponding cylindrical member 8. This hinders smooth movement of the wedge member 4 within the groove 5 from one wedge region 5b to the other wedge region 5b and thus renders the movement unstable. Moreover, attainment of a state where all the wedge members 4 are located in the wedge regions 5b of the same side is not guaranteed; and, in some cases, some wedge members 4 are located in the left-hand wedge regions 5b, whereas the remaining wedge members 4 are located in the right-hand wedge regions 5b. In such a case, some wedge members 4 fail to operate properly, and thus hinder the operation of tightening or loosening the fastening member 2. In order to avoid such a problem, the positions of some wedge members 4 must be corrected such that all the wedge members 4 are located in the wedge regions 5b of the same side. Such position correction operation lowers the efficiency of work for tightening or loosening the fastening member 2.The design and production of unidirectional graphic articles is known and described, for example in U.S. Pat. No. 6,254,711 entitled “Method for Making Unidirectional Graphic Article” and assigned to the same assignee as the instant application.
While unidirectional graphic articles are useful in a number of display environments, these articles typically provide only one display option, for example a reflected image in a first lighting condition. That is, an image can be seen (from the viewing side of the article) in high brightness conditions such as daylight, and the image is not visible (from the viewing side of the article) in low brightness conditions such as nighttime.
Dual display films and systems are also described in the art, to provide multiple display options. That is, a film capable of showing a reflected image in a first lighting condition and a transmitted image or series of images in a second lighting condition. Examples of such films are shown, for example, in U.S. Pat. Nos. 3,888,029; 5,962,109; 6,226,906; 6,577,355; and publication numbers WO 2004042684, WO9747481, and US 20040090399.The specification relates to sending a notification to a user in a social network.
Technology makes the sharing of information easy and fast. For example, people can share pictures taken by their families or friends that are posted on a social network. However, social network users can easily miss or forget about all the photos in the social network.Long distance telephone facilities usually comprise four-wire transmission circuits between switching offices in different local exchange areas, and two-wire circuits within each area connecting individual subscribers with the switching office. A call between subscribers in different exchange areas is carried over a two-wire circuit in each of the areas and a four-wire circuit between the areas, with conversion of speech energy between the two and four-wire circuits being effected by hybrid circuits. Ideally, the hybrid circuit input ports perfectly match the impedances of the two and four-wire circuits, and its balanced network impedance perfectly matches the impedance of the two-wire circuit. In this manner, the signals transmitted from one exchange area to the other will not be reflected or returned to the one area as echo. Unfortunately, due to impedance differences which inherently exist between different two and four-wire circuits, and because impedances must be matched at each frequency in the voice band, it is virtually impossible for a given hybrid circuit to perfectly match the impedances of any particular two and four-wire transmission circuit. Echo is, therefore, characteristically part of a long distance telephone system.
Although undesirable, echo is tolerable in a telephone system so long as the time delay in the echo path is relatively short, for example, shorter than about 40 milliseconds. However, longer echo delays can be distracting or utterly confusing to a far end speaker, and to reduce the same to a tolerable level an echo canceller may be used toward each end of the path to cancel echo which otherwise would return to the far end speaker. As is known, echo cancellers monitor the signals on the receive channel of a four-wire circuit and generate estimates of the actual echoes expected to return over the transmit channel. The echo estimates are then applied to a subtractor circuit in the transmit channel to remove or at least reduce the actual echo.
In simplest form, generation of an echo estimate comprises obtaining individual samples of the signal on the receive channel, convolving the samples with the impulse response of the system and then subtracting, at the appropriate time, the resulting products or echo estimates from the actual echo on the transmit channel. In actual practice generation of an echo estimate is not nearly so straightforward.
Transmission circuits, except those which are purely resistive, exhibit an impulse response that has amplitude and phase dispersive characteristics that are frequency dependent, since phase shift and amplitude attenuation vary with frequency. To this end, a suitable known technique for generating an echo estimate contemplates manipulating representations of a plurality of samples of signals which cause the echo and samples of impulse responses of the system through a convolution process to obtain an echo estimate which reasonably represents the actual echo expected on the echo path. One such system is illustrated in FIG. 1.
In the system illustrated in FIG. 1, a far end signal x from a remote telephone system is received locally at line 10. As a result of the previously noted imperfections in the local system, a portion of the signal x is echoed back to the remote site at line 15 along with the signal v from the local telephone system. The echo response is illustrated here as a signal s corresponding to the following equation:s=x*h where h is the impulse response of the echo characteristics. As such, the signal sent from the near end to the far end, absent echo cancellation, is the signal y, which is the sum of the telephone signal v and the echo signal s. This signal is illustrated as y at line 15 of FIG. 1.
To reduce and/or eliminate the echo signal component s from the signal y, the system of FIG. 1 uses an echo canceller having an impulse response filter h that is the estimate of the impulse echo response h. As such, a further signal s representing an estimate of echo signal s is generated by the echo canceller in accordance with the following equation: s= h*x 
The echo canceller subtracts the echo estimate signal s from the signal y to generate a signal e at line 20 that is returned to the far end telephone system. The signal e thus corresponds to the following equation:e=s+v− s≈v As such, the signal returned to the far end station is dominated by the signal v of the near end telephone system. As the echo impulse response h more closely correlates to the actual echo response h, then s more closely approximates s and thus the magnitude of the echo signal component s on the signal e is more substantially reduced.
The echo impulse response model h may be replaced by an adaptive digital filter having an impulse response ĥ. Generally, the tap coefficients for such an adaptive response filter are found using a technique known as Normalized Least Mean Squares adaptation.
Although such an adaptive echo canceller architecture provides the echo canceller with the ability to readily adapt to changes in the echo path response h, it is highly susceptible to generating sub-optimal echo cancellation responses in the presence of “double talk” (a condition that occurs when both the speaker at the far end and the speaker at the near end are speaking concurrently as determined from the viewpoint of the echo canceller).
To reduce this sensitivity to double-talk conditions, it has been suggested to use both a non-adaptive response and an adaptive response filter in a single echo canceller. One such echo canceller is described in U.S. Pat. No. 3,787,645, issued to Ochiai et al on Jan. 22, 1974. Such an echo canceller is now commonly referred to as a dual-H echo canceller.
Another problem confronting echo canceller circuits is the possibility that the echo path response is non-linear. Such non-linear echo paths are often present in, for example, cellular telephone systems. The echo canceller must not only respond to the non-linear echo response to cancel the echo in an appropriate fashion, it must also be able to detect the presence of a non-linear response in the first place. The present inventors have recognized that the dual-H architecture may itself be employed to assist in detecting a non-linear echo path to thereby signal the echo canceller of the condition so that the echo canceller may respond in the appropriate manner.To date, a variety of methodologies have been intensively investigated for the processes of synthesizing optically active β-hydroxyethylamine compounds, in particular, optically active β-hydroxyethylamine compounds having a desired steric configuration, or their equivalents (i.e. oxazolidinone derivatives of the β-hydroxyethylamine compounds). A process of converting optically active β-hydroxyethylamine compounds into their enantiomers or diastereomers may be mentioned as one of the methodologies [JP-A-09/169,744; JP-A-55/145650; Adv.Carbohydr. Chem.Biochem., vol. 22, p. 109 (1967)].
As one example of the production by this methodology, a process of converting N-alkoxycarbonyl-ethylamine compounds having a leaving group at the β-position, which are obtained by converting a hydroxyl group of optically active β-hydroxyethylamine compounds into a leaving group, into oxazolidinone derivatives of β-hydroxyethylamine compounds having an inverted steric configuration at the β-position carbon is known [Adv.Carbohydr.Chem.Biochem., vol. 22, p. 139 (1967)].
If the oxazolidinone derivatives of β-hydroxyethylamine compounds obtained by this process are contacted with a base, without isolation and purification up to a pure or almost pure form from the operational and/or economical viewpoint in the industrial production, for example, if the derivatives are supplied to a further derivatization under basic conditions, however, there arise problems such as the secondary production of impurities as a side reaction and the decrease of the yield. More particularly, for example, if the derivatives are derivatized into β-hydroxyethylamine compounds by contacting with water under basic conditions, impurities are apt to be produced secondarily and the yield tends to decrease. Accordingly, there is a strong need for establishment of a production process of oxazolidinone derivatives of β-hydroxyethylamine compounds suitable for contact with a base, which process is economically advantageous and is suitable for an industrial production.
In view of the above circumstances, the object of the present invention was to provide a process for preparing oxazolidinone derivatives of β-hydroxyethylamine compounds which is economically advantageous and is suitable for an industrial production, and thereby, to provide a process for preparing β-hydroxyethylamine compounds in a high quality and a high yield which is economically advantageous and is suitable for an industrial production.1. Field of Invention
The present invention relates to a parking lock device for an automatic transmission for a vehicle. The parking lock device causes a pawl of a parking lock pole to latch onto a parking gear, which is externally fixed to an output shaft of an automatic transmission, to lock and prevent rotation of the output shaft, and disengages the pawl from the parking gear to unlock and allow rotation of the output shaft.
2. Description of Related Art
In an automatic transmission for a vehicle, generally, a parking range (P), a reverse range (R), a neutral range (N), a drive range (D), and the like are set as the selectable shift ranges.
For instance, such an automatic transmission has a parking lock device for bringing the output shaft of the automatic transmission into a non-rotatable locked state when the parking range P is selected with a shift lever installed near the driver's seat of the vehicle (see, for example, Japanese Patent Application Publication No. 62-218261 (JP-A-62-218261), Japanese Patent Application Publication No. 9-267726 (JP-A-9-267726), and Japanese Patent Application Publication No. 9-240442 (JP-A-9-240442)).
This parking lock device includes a parking gear, a parking rod, a parking lock pole, and a drive lever.
Operation of the parking lock device will be described. First, when the parking rod is pushed to one side in its axial direction to tilt the parking lock pole, and the pawl of this parking lock pole is latched onto the parking gear externally fixed to the output shaft, the output shaft is brought into a non-rotatable locked state.
Further, when the parking rod is pulled to the other side in its axial direction to tilt the parking lock pole in a direction opposite to the above-mentioned direction, and the pawl of the parking lock pole is disengaged from the parking gear, the output shaft is brought into a rotatable unlocked state.
It should be noted that the parking rod is pushed or pulled in the axial direction by the drive lever that is tilted in response to an operation of placing the shift lever into the parking range or an operation of releasing the shift lever from the parking range. This parking rod is directly connected to a predetermined portion of the drive lever.
As the drive lever of this parking lock device, some related art devices use, for example, the manual valve lever of a range selector (see, for example, Japanese Patent Application Publication No. 9-267726 (JP-A-9-267726)).
The range selector is generally configured as follows. That is, when the shift lever installed near the driver's seat of the vehicle is operated by the driver, the manual valve lever is tilted. The state of a manual valve, which is a constituent element of a hydraulic controller for switching shift ranges, is changed in accordance with this tilting movement of the manual valve lever, thereby establishing the shift range selected by the above-mentioned shift change operation.
It should be noted that as the mode of power transmission between the manual valve lever and the shift lever, there is a type in which power is directly transmitted by mechanically coupling and connecting the manual valve lever and the shift lever by using a power transmission member such as a shift rod or shift cable, or the like, and a type in which the shift lever and the manual valve lever are not connected together by the power transmission member but are detached from each other, and when the shift lever is operated by the driver of the vehicle, the position of the selected shift range is detected by a sensor or the like, and the manual valve lever is driven by an actuator such as a motor so as to establish the detected shift range.
The above-mentioned related art still leaves room for improvements in the following respects.
As a general tendency, when a vehicle is stopped on a downhill slope, the same forward rotation torque as that at the time of forward movement is input to the output shaft from the driving wheels, whereas when the vehicle is stopped on an uphill slope, reverse rotation torque is input to the output shaft from the driving wheels.
When, in a state with the parking lock device locked, the above-mentioned forward rotation torque is input to the output shaft, this makes the pawl of the parking lock pole prone to disengage from the parking gear. In this case, the driving force of the manual valve lever (drive lever) required for bringing the parking lock device into an unlocked state can be made relatively small.
On the other hand, when, in a state with the parking lock device locked, the above-mentioned reverse rotation torque is input to the output shaft, the pawl of the parking lock pole bites into the parking gear. In this case, the driving force of the manual valve lever (drive lever) required for bringing the parking lock device into an unlocked state needs to be made relatively large.
However, since this phenomenon is established on the basis of the positional arrangement of the tilting axis of the parking lock pole with respect to the parking gear, if this positional arrangement differs, a phenomenon reverse to that mentioned above is established.
In view of the phenomenon as described above, generally, the engaging force or the like of a latch lever with each position groove of the manual valve lever is adjusted to allow suitable setting of the driving force of the manual valve lever required for achieving the above-mentioned unlocked state.
From the viewpoint of safety, this setting is desired to ensure that unlocking does not easily occur. However, in that case, the driving force to be applied by the drive lever at the time of unlocking needs to be set large, resulting in an increase in the requisite operation force of the shift lever.
In contrast, although it may be possible to use assist means such as a motor for facilitating the unlocking operation, this leads to an increase in equipment cost.The emergence of portable electronic computing platforms allows functions and services to be enjoyed wherever necessary. Palmtop computers, Personal Digital Assistants, mobile telephones, portable game consoles, biometric/health monitors, and digital cameras are some everyday examples of portable electronic computing platforms. The desire for portability has driven these computing platforms to become smaller and thus have a longer battery life.
It is difficult to efficiently collect user input on these ever-smaller devices. Portable electronic computing platforms need these user inputs for multiple purposes including, but not limited to, navigation: moving a cursor or a pointer to a certain location on a display; selection: choosing, or not choosing, an item or an action; and orientation: changing direction with or without visual feedback.
Prior art systems have borrowed concepts for user input from much larger personal computers. Micro joysticks, navigation bars, scroll wheels, touch pads, steering wheels and buttons have all been adopted, with limited success, in today's portable electronic computing platforms. All of these devices consume substantial amounts of valuable surface real estate on a portable device. Mechanical devices such as joysticks, navigation bars and scroll wheels can wear out and become unreliable. Because they are physically designed for a single task, they typically do not provide functions of other navigation devices. Their sizes and required movements often preclude optimal ergonomic placement on portable computing platforms. Moreover, these smaller versions of their popular personal computer counterparts usually do not offer accurate or high-resolution position information, since the movement information they sense is too coarsely grained.
A finger image sensor detects and measures features (e.g., valleys, ridges, and minutiae) on the surface of a finger through capacitive, thermal, optical, or other sensing technologies. Most commercially available finger image sensors fall into two categories: (1) full-size placement sensors and (2) typically smaller so-called swipe sensors. Placement sensors have an active sensing surface that is large enough to accommodate most of the interesting part of a finger at the same time. Generally, they are rectangular in shape with a sensing surface area of at least 100 mm2. The finger is held stationary while being imaged on the full-placement sensor.
The other type of finger image sensor, called a swipe sensor, is characterized by a strip-like imaging area that is fully sized in one direction (typically in length) but abbreviated in the other (typically width). An example is the Atrua Wings ATW100 sensor, as described by Andrade in US Patent Application 20030016849 and PCT patent application WO 02/095349. A finger is swiped across the sensor until all parts of it are imaged, analogous to how a feedthrough paper document scanner operates. A sequence of slices or frames of the finger image is captured and processed to construct a composite image of the finger.
Several prior art devices use a touchpad for authenticating a user and moving a cursor on a display device. A touchpad, which operates similarly to a finger image sensor, does not provide enough image resolution or capability to distinguish ridges and valleys on the fingerprint. Instead, the touchpad perceives a finger as a blob and tracks the blob location to determine movement. Therefore, a touchpad cannot follow miniscule movements, nor can it feasibly detect rotational movement.
U.S. Patent Publication No. 2002/0054695A1, titled “Configurable Multi-Function Touchpad Device,” to Bjorn et al. discloses a touchpad that can be configured to authenticate a user or to control a cursor. The touchpad attempts to enhance the function of a touchpad to include fingerprint capability. It merely absorbs the hardware of a capacitive finger image sensor into the much-larger size touchpad to achieve cost-savings. It does not disclose using the finger image data for navigation control. Undoubtedly, its large size still precludes the touchpad from being used in most portable electronic computing platforms.
U.S. Pat. No. 6,408,087, titled “Capacitive Semiconductor User Input Device,” to Kramer discloses a system that uses a fingerprint sensor to control a cursor on the display screen of a computer. The system controls the position of a pointer on a display according to detected motion of the ridges and pores of the fingerprint.
The system has a number of limitations. It uses image-based correlation algorithms and, unlike a system using a swipe sensor, requires fingerprint images with multiple ridges, typical for capacitive placement sensors. To detect a motion parallel to the direction of a ridge, the system requires the sensor to detect pores, a requirement restricting its use to high-resolution sensors of at least 500 dpi. The system detects changes in ridge width to sense changes of finger pressure. However, ridge width measurement requires a very high-resolution sensor to provide low-resolution of changes of finger pressure. The algorithm is unique to emulating a mouse and is not suitable for emulating other types of input devices, such as a joystick or a steering wheel, where screen movements are not always proportional to finger movements. For example, a joystick requires a returning to home position when there is no input and a steering wheel requires rotational movement. The system is unique to capacitive sensors where inverted amplifiers are associated with every sensor cell.Corrosion is a redox process by which metals are oxidized by oxygen in the presence of moisture. The corrosion of iron may be characterized by the half-reaction: EQU Fe.fwdarw.Fe.sup.2+ +2e.sup.-.
The two electrons so produced may flow to a point which acts as a cathode where oxygen is reduced to OH.sup.- as follows: EQU 1/2O.sub.2 +H.sub.2 O+2e.sup.- .fwdarw.2OH.
Adding the two half-reactions: ##EQU1##
The ferrous hydroxide, Fe(OH).sub.2, may then be oxidized to ferric hydroxide, FeO(OH), which may lose water to form ferric oxide, Fe.sub.2 O.sub.3.
One method of inhibiting the corrosion of steel is galvanization, wherein the steel is coated with elemental zinc, a more active metal. Zinc, being a better reducing agent than iron, protects the iron by reversing the reaction for the formation of Fe.sup.2+ : ##EQU2## Hence, the zinc coating corrodes sacrificially but the structural iron in contact with the zinc is unaffected as long as the zinc lasts. Small gaps in the zinc exposing the underlying iron are protected by the galvanic action of the zinc. Where the corrosion of zinc leaves large gaps (or where defects otherwise exist in the galvanic coating) the corrosion of iron can occur normally.
One prior art method of evaluating corrosion resistance is to perform accelerated corrosion testing such as a salt fog or salt spray test wherein the component is placed in a corrosive environment having predefined conditions and using predetermined procedures. One drawback of such tests is that they are generally time consuming, often requiring weeks or months to complete. Another drawback to the prior art salt fog tests is that they do not take into account fatigue or cyclic deformation of the metals. It has been found in accordance with the present invention that corrosion is accelerated at points undergoing mechanical fatigue.
One method of predicting cable life under fatigue conditions might be to subject cable to repeated fatigue stresses or strains until the cable fails due to fatigue/corrosion interaction, i.e., until the cable breaks. Such testing may be performed under conditions at which corrosion is accelerated, such as conditions similar to salt fog conditions. However, testing until failure would be a very time consuming process. Therefore, it would be highly desirable to provide an apparatus and method for testing cable that may be used to accurately predict cable life, but that can be performed in a period of time significantly shorter than the time required to test until cable failure.1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to a cushion structure for a nursing equipment such as a child seat and, more specifically, to a cushion structure for a nursing equipment capable of fully protecting the brain of an infant.
2. Description of the Background Art
Healthy and sound growth of infants and babies is a common wish of parents worldwide. The first to third years, especially the second year for a baby is a critical period when the baby comes to be aware of his or her self. Therefore, it is recognized that protection of the head (brain) of the infant of this age is of importance for sound and healthy growth of the infant.
The head (brain) may be protected by "proper nursing method" and "use of proper nursing equipment." Here, "proper nursing method" means proper parental care of the infant as described in detail in, for example, IKUJI NO GENRI (Principle of Child Bearing), by Dr. Jushichiro Naito.
"Proper nursing equipment" refers to a nursing equipment having such a structure that is capable of sufficiently protecting the head (brain) of an infant, as already described. More specifically, the equipment must have a structure for protecting the brain of an infant sufficiently against external shock. Though various and many nursing equipments have been developed to this date, unfortunately, a nursing equipment having such a structure that can sufficiently protect the head (brain) of an infant cannot be found at present.
Cushion structures employed in a chair, a vehicular seat, sandals and the like are disclosed in Japanese Utility Model Laying-Open Nos. 56-101065, 60-95051, 63-93859 and 3-78405. The structures disclosed in these references, however, are all proposed for improved air ventilation.
Therefore, such structures cannot be used as a structure for protecting the head (brain) of an infant sufficiently against an external shock.Currently, with development of an electronic communication industry, User Equipment (UE) such as a cellular phone, an electronic scheduler, a Personal Digital Assistant (PDA), a laptop computer, and the like has become a necessity of a modern society, and plays an important role of transferring information changing fast. This UE provides a convenient operation environment to a user via a Graphic User Interface (GUI) and provides various multimedia based on a web environment.
Recently, a user prefers a slimmer UE meeting portability and an appearance design. However, the UE applies various functions and receives a plurality of electronic parts, such that there is a difficulty in manufacturing the UE in a slim profile.This invention relates to a method for reassuring a nursing mother that her baby is receiving sufficient breast milk and therefore sufficient nutrition. The method uses an objective measurement indicative of the amount of breast milk swallowed by the baby.
Mothers of newborn babies have a strong need to understand how much their baby has breast fed. There were 4.1 million births in the United States alone in 2003 and about 70% of all new moms breast feed. The first two weeks of breast feeding show the largest declines in breast feeding with 10% drop off each week. There is a significant opportunity to reassure (especially first-time) mothers that their babies are breast feeding appropriately, particularly during the first weeks when mom is unsure and not confident in her breast feeding ability. The mother does not know the state of her baby's stomach and may question whether her baby's stomach is sufficiently full.
Prior devices have attempted to quantify breast feeding by interposing a flow meter between mother and baby. Such devices can lead to obvious problems with delivery, intimacy, and bonding between mother and baby.
While particular embodiments and/or individual features of the present invention have been illustrated and described, it would be obvious to those skilled in the art that various other changes and modifications can be made without departing from the spirit and scope of the invention. Further, it should be apparent that all combinations of such embodiments and features are possible and can result in preferred executions of the invention.1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to a wide lock range phase locked loop (PLL) type frequency synthesizer including a plurality of voltage controlled oscillators and its method for selecting an oscillation frequency.
2. Description of the Related Art
Generally, in a mobile telephone apparatus, a wide lock range PLL type frequency synthesizer having a plurality of voltage controlled oscillators is mounted as a local oscillator to cope with different frequencies.
In a prior art wide lock range PLL type frequency synthesizer (see: JP-A-10-200406) including a PLL circuit having a phase/frequency comparator, a charge pump circuit, a loop filter, a voltage controlled oscillator block formed by a plurality of voltage controlled oscillators and a plurality of switches connected to the voltage controlled oscillators, and a 1/N frequency divider where N is a positive integer, an unlock control circuit is provided. The unlock control circuit has an unlocked state detecting circuit, an up/down counter, and a selector for selecting one of the switches in accordance with the output signals of the up/down counter. In this case, the up/down counter is connected to the phase/frequency comparator. That is, in an unlocked state, the unlocked state detecting circuit passes the output signals of the phase/frequency comparator to the up/down counter. As a result, when the phase/frequency comparator generates a leading signal, the up/down counter is counted up. Therefore, when the value of the up/down counter reaches its maximum value, the up/down counter generates an overflow carry signal, so that the selector selects another switch. Contrary to this, when the phase/frequency comparator generates a lagging signal, the up/down counter is counted down. Therefore, when the value of the up/down counter reaches its minimum value, the up/down counter generates an underflow carry signal, so that the selector selects another switch. Thus, as the oscillation frequency of the voltage control oscillator block fluctuates due to a temperature fluctuation or power supply voltage fluctuation, the up/down counter and the selector and are operated to quickly move a phase unlocked state to a phase locked loop stage. This will be explained later in detail.
In the above-described prior art PLL type frequency synthesizer, however, since the up/down counter is operated by the output signals of the phase/frequency comparator, when the precision of the phase/frequency comparator is enhanced, the precision of the up/down counter also has to be enhanced. As a result, the switching from a phase unlocked state to a phase locked state is delayed which increases the lockup time.
Also, in the above-described prior art PLL type frequency synthesizer, since all the voltage controlled oscillators are always operated, the power consumption would be increased.In a conventional automotive alternator rectifying apparatus that is described in Patent Literature 1, a plurality of positive-side cooling fins and negative-side cooling fins are respectively disposed so as to overlap in a direction that is perpendicular to a rotating shaft direction so as to be spaced apart from each other, or so as to be in partial contact with each other, and area of the plurality of cooling fins is such that rear fins that are at positions that are distant from a cooling fan are narrower than front fins at closer positions, and the number of positive-side rectifying elements that are disposed on rear fins of positive-side cooling fins are fewer than the number of positive-side rectifying elements that are disposed on front fins. Using this configuration, more cooling airflow can be led to the cooling fins that are positioned downwind, and the number of positive-side rectifying elements that are disposed on the rear fins, which have smaller area, is also reduced, enabling the positive-side rectifying elements to be cooled in a well-balanced manner, thereby improving reliability of the rectifying apparatus.
In a conventional rectifying apparatus that is described in Patent Literature 2, a terminal assembly (a circuit board) is disposed between a first heatsink and a second heatsink and is configured so as to have a circular arc shape, first diodes are held on the first heatsink by press-fitting so as to line up in a circular arc shape, second diodes are held on the second heatsink by press-fitting so as to line up in a circular arc shape, and the first and second diodes are disposed so as to face each other such that leading wires face each other. The leading wires of the first and second diodes that are disposed so as to face each other are bent so as to be led out radially outward, and are connected to terminals of the terminal assembly radially outside the press-fitted positions of the first and second diodes.The present disclosure relates to a dispenser of hand hygiene maintenance material. More specifically, the present disclosure relates to a dispenser of hand hygiene maintenance material that provides reminders and tracking of use of the dispenser and the relation of that use compared to a desired use pattern.
Healthcare-associated infections remain one of the most significant sources of morbidity and mortality among hospital patients worldwide. In the United States there are an estimated 1.7 million healthcare-associated infections in hospitals resulting in approximately 80-100,000 deaths each year adding $4.5 to $5.7 billion to patient care costs. (Jarvis W R. Selected aspects of the socioeconomic impact of nosocomial infections: morbidity, mortality, cost and prevention. Infect Control Hospital Epidemiology, 1996:August 17(8):552-557). Transmission of healthcare-associated pathogens most often occurs via the contaminated hands of health care workers due to failure to use proper hand washing technique or failure to hand wash altogether before every patient contact. Compliance rates for basic hand washing techniques have been cited between about 25-50%. Failure to remember to comply with hand washing protocol prior to every patient contact is probably the most significant factor for low compliance rates. Other factors including understaffing and overcrowding further exacerbate this problem.
Recognizing a worldwide need to improve hand washing in health care facilities the World Health Organization (WHO) launched its “Guidelines on Hand Hygiene in Health Care (Advanced Draft) in October 2005. These global consensus guidelines reinforce the need for multidimensional strategies as the most effective approach to promote hand hygiene. Key elements include adoption of alcohol-based hand rub as the primary method for hand hygiene and the use of performance indicators to assess the compliance with hand washing policies. Presently, the only routine monitoring of compliance involves direct visual observation of hand hygiene by hospital personnel. In the CDC's monograph (MMWR. Oct. 25, 2002. 51(RR16); 1-44) many recommendations are indicated. These include: 1) to develop a device to facilitate the use and optimal application of hand hygiene agents, 2) to monitor hand hygiene adherence by ward or service staff and 3) to provide feedback to personnel regarding staff performance using the new device.
One study by Pittet et al (Pittet D, Hugonnet S et al. Effectiveness of a hospital-wide program to improve compliance with hand hygiene. Lancet, 2000; 356:1307-1312) showed a definite association between improved hand hygiene compliance and a decreased incidence of hospital acquired nosocomial infections, including methicillin-resistant staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) infections. Another study by Pittet et al (Pittet D, Simon A et al. Hand hygiene among physicians: performance, beliefs and perceptions. Ann Intern Med 2004; 148w) found that easy access to alcohol-based hand rub was an independent predictor of improved hand hygiene compliance. In addition, 8 out of 9 hospital-based studies from 1977-2000 clearly demonstrate a temporal relationship between improved hand hygiene and reduced nosocomial infection rates, especially MRSA.
Another very recent incentive to reduce hospital-acquired infections was a new rule imposed by Medicare on Oct. 1, 2008 which stated their refusal to pay hospitals for catheter-associated urinary tract and vascular catheter-associated infections. It is likely that private insurance companies will soon put this same rule into effect. Both types of infections could be reduced by adequate hand washing technique. (O'Grady N P, Alexander M et al. Guidelines for the prevention of intravascular catheter-related infections. Pediatr 2002:ppe51) and could save hospitals millions of dollars in reimbursements.
Visitors who do not use adequate hand washing techniques and then have direct contact with patients are another possible source of hospital acquired infections. This potential problem needs to be addressed and resolved as well.
The device of the present disclosure records hand hygiene compliance for all individuals who enter a monitored room. The recorded data can then be utilized to track compliance of a particular unit/ward to allow targeted training to improve compliance on that unit/ward. Immediate follow up data can then be supplied about the efficiency of the training. It can also track data at night and on weekends, when the presently used visual observation is not routinely used.
According to a first embodiment, the present disclosure includes a hygiene compliance device including a housing; a hygiene maintenance material holder located within the housing; an interface member coupled to the housing that, when activated by a user, causes distribution of hygiene maintenance material from within the hygiene maintenance material holder to the user; an interface member sensor coupled to the housing that detects activation of the interface member; a signal emitter coupled to the housing; a signal sensor coupled to the housing that cooperates with the signal emitter to detect the presence of a person in a detection zone; a circuit board located within the housing and coupled to the signal emitter, the signal sensor, and the interface member sensor, the circuit board including a processor; and a data storage unit located within the housing and electrically coupled to the processor. The data storage unit has instructions thereon that, when interpreted by the processor cause the processor to perform the steps of: issuing commands to the signal emitter to emit a signal; receiving data from the signal sensor; processing the data received from the signal sensor to determine if an individual is located within a detection zone of the sensor; detecting activation of the interface member sensor; determining if the interface member sensor is activated within a first preset time of a detection of an individual within the detection zone; and choosing between and executing one of: logging a compliant event by saving a record to the data storage unit if the interface member is activated within the first preset time of the detection of the individual in the detection zone; and issuing an alert detectable by the individual if the interface member is not activated within the first preset time of the detection of the individual in the detection zone.
According to a second embodiment, a method of monitoring hygiene compliance including the steps of: providing a hygiene compliance device to a hygiene sensitive location; providing for communication between the hygiene compliance device and a network; providing an adjustable signal emitter in the hygiene compliance device to monitor an ingress/egress point to the hygiene sensitive location; the hygiene compliance device further having a processor and a data storage unit. The data storage unit has instructions thereon, that when interpreted by the processor, cause the processor to perform the steps of: issuing commands to the signal emitter to emit a signal; receiving data indicative of the presence or lack of presence of an individual proximate the monitored ingress/egress point; processing the data received to determine if an individual is located within a detection zone of the sensor; detecting dispensing of hygiene compliance material from the hygiene compliance device; determining if the hygiene maintenance material is dispensed within a first preset time of a detection of an individual proximate the detection zone; and choosing between and executing one of: logging a compliant event by saving a record to the data storage unit if the interface member is activated within the first preset time of the detection of the individual in the detection zone; and issuing an alert detectable by the individual if the interface member is not activated within the first preset time of the detection of the individual in the detection zone.
Additional features of the present disclosure will become apparent to those skilled in the art upon consideration of the following detailed description of the illustrative embodiment exemplifying the best mode as presently perceived.(1) Field of the Invention:
The present invention relates to heavy duty pneumatic tires, and more particularly the invention relates to attainment of both a block-chipping resistance and a traction performance of tires for rough road running, more specifically tires for wheel type loaders (hereinafter referred to as "wheel loader tires").
(2) Related Art Statement:
When wheel loader tires run on rough terrain, particularly on a rocky places, there often occur troubles called block-chipping in the case of laterally symmetrical tires shown in FIG. 2, that is. That a rubber is partially chipped at the tire surface from a tread portion to a shoulder portion on the surface outer side of the tire surface when the tire is mounted on a wheel (hereinafter referred to as "wheel-mounted outer side").
In order to prevent the block-chipping mentioned above, the rigidity of the tread on the wheel-mounted outer side has been increased by adopting a so-called semi-slick pattern. As shown in FIG. 3, grooves from the tread portion to the shoulder portion on the wheel-mounted outer side (on the left in FIG. 3) are diminished or the rigidity of the whole tread has been increased by adopting a so-called slick pattern in which all the grooves are diminished.
In the conventional countermeasures, the block-chipping resistance is largely improved by increasing the rigidity between the tread portion and the shoulder portion on the wheel-mounted outer side. However, since wheel loader tires run not only on hard and rough roads such as rocky places but also on relatively soft rough roads, traction performance, which is a force by which the tire grasps the road and drags a vehicle is required. In the case of tires having a semi-slick pattern or a slick pattern, the traction performance originating from the shearing resistance due to the pattern is greatly deteriorated so that a problem occurs that the tire is difficult to run on soft roads. Further, since the one side surface or the whole surface of the tread is designed as "slick", a greater amount of rubber is required for the tread and manufacturing cost unfavorably increases.A wide variety of multispecific recombinant antibody formats have been developed in the recent past, e.g. tetravalent bispecific antibodies by fusion of, e.g., an IgG antibody format and single chain domains (see e.g. Coloma, M. J., et al., Nature Biotech 15 (1997) 159-163; WO 2001/077342; and Morrison, S. L., Nature Biotech 25 (2007) 1233-1234).
Also several other new formats wherein the antibody core structure (IgA, IgD, IgE, IgG or IgM) is no longer retained such as dia-, tria- or tetrabodies, minibodies, several single chain formats (scFv, Bis-scFv), which are capable of binding two or more antigens, have been developed (Holliger, P., et al, Nature Biotech 23 (2005) 1126-1136; Fischer, N., and Léger, O., Pathobiology 74 (2007) 3-14; Shen, J., et al., Journal of Immunological Methods 318 (2007) 65-74; Wu, C., et al., Nature Biotech. 25 (2007) 1290-1297).
All such formats use linkers either to fuse the antibody core (IgA, IgD, IgE, IgG or IgM) to a further binding protein (e.g. scFv) or to fuse e.g. two Fab fragments or scFvs (Fischer, N., and Léger, O., Pathobiology 74 (2007) 3-14). It has to be kept in mind that one may want to retain effector functions, such as e.g. complement-dependent cytotoxicity (CDC) or antibody dependent cellular cytotoxicity (ADCC), which are mediated through the Fc receptor binding, by maintaining a high degree of similarity to naturally occurring antibodies.
In WO 2007/024715 are reported dual variable domain immunoglobulins as engineered multivalent and multispecific binding proteins. A process for the preparation of biologically active antibody dimers is reported in U.S. Pat. No. 6,897,044. Multivalent FV antibody construct having at least four variable domains which are linked with each over via peptide linkers are reported in U.S. Pat. No. 7,129,330. Dimeric and multimeric antigen binding structures are reported in US 2005/0079170. Tri- or tetra-valent monospecific antigen-binding protein comprising three or four Fab fragments bound to each other covalently by a connecting structure, which protein is not a natural immunoglobulin are reported in U.S. Pat. No. 6,511,663. In WO 2006/020258 tetravalent bispecific antibodies are reported that can be efficiently expressed in prokaryotic and eukaryotic cells, and are useful in therapeutic and diagnostic methods. A method of separating or preferentially synthesizing dimers which are linked via at least one interchain disulfide linkage from dimers which are not linked via at least one interchain disulfide linkage from a mixture comprising the two types of polypeptide dimers is reported in US 2005/0163782. Bispecific tetravalent receptors are reported in U.S. Pat. No. 5,959,083. Engineered antibodies with three or more functional antigen binding sites are reported in WO 2001/077342.
Multispecific and multivalent antigen-binding polypeptides are reported in WO 1997/001580. WO 1992/004053 reports homoconjugates, typically prepared from monoclonal antibodies of the IgG class which bind to the same antigenic determinant are covalently linked by synthetic cross-linking. Oligomeric monoclonal antibodies with high avidity for antigen are reported in WO 1991/06305 whereby the oligomers, typically of the IgG class, are secreted having two or more immunoglobulin monomers associated together to form tetravalent or hexavalent IgG molecules. Sheep-derived antibodies and engineered antibody constructs are reported in U.S. Pat. No. 6,350,860, which can be used to treat diseases wherein interferon gamma activity is pathogenic. In US 2005/0100543 are reported targetable constructs that are multivalent carriers of bi-specific antibodies, i.e., each molecule of a targetable construct can serve as a carrier of two or more bi-specific antibodies. Genetically engineered bispecific tetravalent antibodies are reported in WO 1995/009917. In WO 2007/109254 stabilized binding molecules that consist of or comprise a stabilized scFv are reported.A number of methods for treating wounds are available on the market today. Specifically, Blue Sky Medical, believed to now be a division of Smith & Nephew, sells equipment utilized to perform the Chariker-Jeter™ method of wound treatment. However, there are not any specific disclosures in the instructions for utilizing that technology for bringing the wound edges towards closure, i.e., bringing the formerly cut edges back together to contain the internal cavity therein.
Louis Argenta and others, working at Wake Forest, have developed a number of wound treatment devices which have subsequently been licensed to a company known as KCI. Argenta, U.S. Pat. Nos. 5,636,643, 5,645,081, and 7,198,046 are incorporated herein by reference. In KCI's commercial embodiment, a foam sponge is utilized atop a wound which is then covered and suction applied thereto. While this method works well to treat wounds, a perceived problem with this technology is that the sponge is compressed significantly in all directions. The applicant believes the sponge can actually work act against itself as it relates to bringing the edges of a cut opening together for wound closure. Specifically, while the wound edges are pulled toward one another by the sponge along one axes, the sponge is also significantly compressed in a perpendicular direction thereby potentially hindering the edges from coming together.
Accordingly, there is believed to exist a need for an improved wound enclosure device and method of its use.The basic structure of a printing machine such as a sheet-fed offset printing press includes a main drive and an electronic control mechanism. Such a main drive and control mechanism is disclosed in U.S. Pat. No. 4,951,567, which is hereby incorporated by reference. The main drive typically contains three components: (1) an electric main drive; (2) an electromechanically operable brake; and (3) a tachometer generator. The three components of the main drive perform two primary functions, namely, driving and braking. To this end, the electric main drive typically contains a D.C. motor for driving the printing machine. The electromechanically actuable brake is assigned to this D.C. motor and is controlled by the control mechanism. The tachometer generator monitors the D.C. motor and feeds the value of the actual speed of the motor to the electric main drive. The electric main drive subsequently supplies the motor with current in such a way that the actual speed of the motor agrees with a desired value prescribed by the control mechanism of the printing machine. In other words, the tachometer and the electric main drive are typically connected in a feedback loop to control the operation of the D.C. motor.
The second component of the printing press, the electronic control mechanism, can be designed as one or more computers. The typical control mechanism has three components: (1) input sensors; (2) processing electronics; and (3) output electronics. Input sensors are used in the control mechanism to monitor the state of the printing machine. The processing electronics are used to determine whether the machine is operating in an acceptable fashion and to generate appropriate control signals if corrective actions are required. The output electronics relay the control signals generated by the processing electronics to the appropriate components of the printing machine.
In the normal course of operation it is sometimes necessary to bring a printing press to a stop. For example, it may be necessary to stop the machine to perform maintenance procedures or the like. Under such circumstances, the printing machine can be brought to a standstill at a relatively gradual rate. In certain emergency circumstances, however, it may become necessary to stop the printing press very rapidly such that the machine reaches a standstill within a predetermined maximum time period. This braking can be performed purely electrically by applying a braking armature current having a polarity opposite to the armature current which drives the D.C. motor or mechanically by actuating the electromechanical brake. Purely electrical braking is preferably when possible because it is generally less stressful on the components of the printing machine than mechanical braking.
Printing presses such as sheet-fed offset printing machines are often provided with multiple electrically secured guards and a plurality of emergency STOP pushbuttons positioned at various easily accessible locations on the machine. The electrically secured guards prevent an operator from coming into contact with moving or rotating machine parts. If such a guard is opened while the printing machine is running, a signal indicating the existence of an emergency condition is generated and the printing machine is quickly brought to a standstill. Similarly, if an operator or other personnel actuates one or more of the emergency STOP pushbuttons, the printing machine is rapidly brought to a stop. For this purpose, safety conditions exist which prescribe that, after an emergency STOP pushbutton is actuated or after a guard is opened when the machine is operating, the machine must have reached a standstill within a specific maximum time period.
In order to be able to carry out a multiplicity of movement processes both at lower and at higher rotational speeds, modern sheet-fed offset printing machines include, as a rule, D.C. drives with line-commutated power converters (e.g. 4-quadrant drives). This drive structure enables these presses to achieve a wide range of rotational speed settings, high power, and electrical braking. Thus, it is possible for these machines to respond to these emergency conditions (i.e., the opening of a guard with the machine running or the actuation of an emergency STOP pushbutton) by electrically decreasing the rotational speed of the D.C. drives.
However, additional security measures have proven necessary so that sheet-fed offset printing machines which include such a drive can fulfil the above-mentioned safety conditions for emergency stops, namely, bringing the press to a standstill within the prescribed maximum time period. Thus, for example, EP O 243 728 B1 provides a security system for a printing machine which is not only capable of controlling the actual rotational speed of the drive, but which also monitors and compares the desired and actual values of the rotational speed of the drive during braking and actuates an electromechanical brake if an impermissibly high deviation between these values is detected. This system, thus, first responds to an emergency STOP command by electrically braking the press and, if the actual value of the rotational speed does not reduce rapidly enough, by actuating the mechanical brake. The system uses a tachogenerator or tachometer to detect the actual value of the rotational speed of the drive. This system is disadvantageous because, in the final analysis, the reliability of the safety system depends on the reliability of the rotational speed detection which is to say, on the reliability of the tachometer. A further disadvantage results from the fact that printing machines represent a different load for the drive under different operational conditions and have different levels of freeness in their bearings. As a result, the predetermined rotational speed/time curve is monitored and matched to the minimum possible load torque in the case of an emergency STOP.
EP 0 187 247 B1 discloses another method for monitoring the braking of a printing machine. In this method, a device is used to detect movement of the motor and, the braking torque of the electromagnetic brake is determined based on these readings. However, it is not possible to monitor a purely electrical braking with this method.
EP 0 572 805 A2 discloses a method for monitoring the rotational speed of the drives in a printing machine operating at a creep speed and having a D.C. shunt motor. This method ensures that in specific operating states such as the creep speed state no impermissibly high rotational speed deviation occurs. For this purpose, the armature voltage of the motor is monitored and, in the event of an impermissibly high deviation, a control circuit is interrupted. Thus, a pure rotational speed monitoring of the drive is performed in this method, so that the observance of a required braking process can only be determined by means of additional measures.The present invention relates to a micro-channel plate (MCP) detector system, a modified fast gain MCP-detector and a method of operating the same. More specifically, the invention relates to a micro-channel plate detector system with fast variable gain and a method of operating the same, such that an improved dynamic range is achieved.
Analyzing all proteins from cells is impossible by today""s techniques since the amount of each expressed protein varies over a huge dynamic range. Mass spectrometry, together with other techniques, has shown a lack of the necessary dynamic range, largely due to lack of a detection technique that can detect both the abundant and the very rare proteins within the same mixture. Noteworthy is, that also a separated (LC, gel, etc) sample will display mixtures with overlapping protein species, so the problem with complex mixtures remains also after separation. An ideal mass spectrometer should therefore have single particle sensitivity and a high dynamic range. FIG. 3a shows a fabricated example of a mass spectrometer spectrum, wherein these large variations in amount of each expressed protein are illustrated.
In this document ionization efficiency and transmission from ion source to detector will not be discussed. Designing a mass spectrometric detection is a trade off. Today, a perfect system can only be designed to one of the two extremes: either tailoring the detection for single-ion detection or for high dynamic range. The extreme sensitivity can be achieved by using a high detector gain and digital single-particle pulse counting electronics. High dynamic range can be achieved by using lower gain and analog detection electronics. The problem is that, ideally, both the high sensitivity and the high dynamic range are wanted.
FIG. 1 shows a micro-channel plate (MCP) detector system 10 for a mass spectrometer. A micro channel plate multiplier 12, 14 consists of a large number of individual electron multiplier channels positioned in parallel typically in the shape of a perforated thin dish. Such a detector system typically comprises two MCP electron multipliers 12, 14, each having a gain of approximately 1000. This means that the first MCP 12 converts the incident ion 18 to a number of secondary electrons, which are then further multiplied to give of the order of 1000 electrons at the exit of this first detector. These 1000 electrons are transported to the second MCP 14 situated of the order of millimeters away. The 1000 electrons will impinge on the surface of the second MCP 14, and a new multiplication process with an amplification of approximately 1000 takes place.
The amplification of the MCP will be temporary degraded (or lost) if too many secondary electrons are drawn from the output of a channel. The degraded gain results in lowered signal-to-noise ratio in the recorded spectrum when using analog-to-digital conversion (ADC) or a dead time after a large peak when using time-to-digital conversion (TDC). Temporary degradation of the gain occurs under two circumstances, either when the gain is high (which is needed for high sensitivity) or when too many ions reaches the MCP within a short period of time (which may be the case for certain ion species in high dynamic range mode).
Therefore it is obvious that trying to detect a sample with large variations of protein concentrations will give rise to just these conditions. In the high gain mode, the rare proteins will be lost since they drown in the highly attenuated signal from the abundant proteins. In the low gain mode, the signal from the rare proteins will be lost since it is too close to the dark current (signal with ion beam turned off) of the MCP.
Hence, there is needed a method that combines the best sides of the low gain and the high gain mode of operating the MCP detector system. There have been shown several ways to provide detector systems having an extended dynamic range.
A detector of this type which has two modes of operation to extend its dynamic range is disclosed by Kristo and Enke in Rev. Sci. Instrum. 1988 vol 59 (3) pp 438-442. This detector comprises two channel type electron multipliers in series together with an intermediate anode. The intermediate anode was arranged to intercept approximately 90% of the electrons leaving the first multiplier and to allow the remainder to enter the second multiplier. An analogue amplifier was connected to the intermediate anode and a discriminator and pulse counter connected to an electrode disposed to receive electrons leaving the second multiplier. The outputs of the analogue amplifier and the pulse counter were electronically combined. A protection grid was also disposed between the multipliers. At high incident ion fluxes, the output signal comprised the output of the analogue amplifier connected to the intermediate anode. Under these conditions a potential was applied to the protection grid to prevent electrons entering the second multiplier (which might otherwise cause damage to the second multiplier). At low ion fluxes, the potential on the protection grid was turned off and the output signal comprised the output of the pulse counter. In this mode the detector was operable in a low sensitivity analogue mode using the intermediate anode and a high sensitivity ion counting mode using both multipliers and the pulse counter, so that the dynamic range was considerably wider than a conventional detector which only use one of these modes. The switching between the two sensitivity levels is in this case performed as a response to the detected signal, i.e. direct feed back.
WO 99/38190 disclose a dual gain detector having two collection electrodes with different areas, whereby the larger electrode is used for detecting at low ion flux and the smaller at high ion flux. In a special embodiment the smaller collection electrode is provided as a grid that is placed between the first and the second MCP.
Soviet Inventors Certificate SU 851549 teaches the disposition of a control grid between two micro channel plate electron multipliers, the potential of which can be adjusted to control the gain of the assembly. This detector is further incorporated in a direct feed back detection system.
However, none of these detector systems represent a system that has the ability to cover the complete ion flux spectra of the proteins in a cell with high accuracy. More specifically, Kristo et al only detects approx. 10% of the ions at low ion fluxes, and both this system and the system disclosed in WO 99/38190 represent static two level systems, which results in lower over all sensitivity.
Obviously an improved detector system is needed, which provides detection over an improved dynamic range, such that analysis of samples with large variations of protein concentrations, e.g. a cell, may be performed with a mass spectrometer.
The object of the present invention therefore is to provide a new high sensitivity detector system and a method of controlling the same, which overcome the limitations with the prior art devices. This is achieved by the detector system of claim 5 by the method as defined in claim 1 and by the detector of claim 3.
An advantage with the detector system according to the invention is that a new detector system with fast variable gain and a method of operating the same are achieved.
Embodiments of the invention are defined in the dependent claims.From the standpoint of comfort, durability and optical performance, an ideal contact lens should be soft, very wettable yet low in bulk water content, clear and have an oxygen permeability greater than 50 [barrers]. In present day soft contact lenses comfort and wettability are achieved by using hydrogels with 30-80% water content, but at the expense of limited oxygen-permeability, physical strength and formation of protein-deposits. High oxygen permeability is achieved in contact lenses made entirely from silicone rubber, as described for instance in U.S. Pat. No. 3,996,187, but at the expense of wettability. In addition, silicone rubber, because of its great inherent hydrophobicity and chain mobility, rapidly and tenaciously interacts with lipids in the tear liquid, resulting in quick dewetting and potential adhesion to the cornea.
It would be highly desirable to produce a contact lens composed entirely of silicone rubber since it offers the highest oxygen permeability of all presently available materials. The enhancement of eye comfort and long wear capability would represent a significant improvement in contact lens development. Silicone rubber lenses, although possessing high oxygen permeability, suffer from poor comfort characteristics because they are not soft enough to conform to the cornea in the same way a typical hydrogel lens does. On the other hand, silicone-free polyurethane rubbers are known for their excellent bio-compatibility, as examplified by the use of BIOMER--a linear polyurethane rubber--to coat artificial hearts to reduce blood clotting.
Silicone rubbers are made by crosslinking liquid polysiloxanes. These rubbers are thermoset polymers which can be made to varying degrees of hardness and elasticity by controlling the degree of crosslinking and the molecular weight of the silicone fluid. Silicone rubber is usually made by vulcanizing polydimethylsiloxane fluids with organic peroxides at elevated temperatures. Another approach to crosslinking employs hydrosilation in which poly(vinylalkyl siloxanes) are cured with poly(hydridoalkylsiloxanes) in the presence of transition metal catalysts. Silicone rubber has also been formed by chemically reacting, .alpha.,.omega.-difunctional poly(diorganosiloxanes) with polyfunctional silanes and siloxanes. Typically the crosslinking reaction is a condensation which forms a siloxane bond and a volatile by product. Common examples of this type of cure reaction are silanol-alkoxylsilane (French Pat. 1,042,019), silanol-acetoxysilane (German Appl. 1,121,803), silanol-silane (Brit. Pat. 804,199), and silanol-silanol (via the corresponding acetone oxime) (Belg. Pat. 614,394). Suitable catalysts for these reactions are amines and carboxylic acid salts of Sn, Pb, Zn, Sb, Fe, Cd, Ba, Ca and Mn.
Organosiloxane isocyanates have been prepared (U.S. Pat. No. 3,179,622) which vulcanize when exposed to moisture. In these cases the isocyanate group is joined to the siloxane through an alkyl group, rendering it unhydrolyzable. Besides moisture cured polyurethanes, silicone rubber, which are 2-component polyurethanes are conveniently prepared by reaction of di-, tri- or tetra hydroxyalkyl-substituted polysiloxanes with di-isocyanates, using the well known techniques of conventional polyurethane synthesis. Most commonly these poly-hydroxyalkyl-polysiloxanes are used as additives to conventional polyurethane formulations, for instance to regulate pore size in polyurethane foams, to impart lubricity or gloss to polyurethane coatings or achieve water repellency.
The silicone rubbers, which are described for use as soft, oxygen permeable contact lenses, are obtained by hydrosilation reaction between poly-(vinyl-alkyl siloxanes) and poly-(hydridoalkyl siloxanes), as described in U.S. Pat. No. 3,996,187. Silicone rubber like materials for use as soft contact lenses which are free-radical polymerized copolymers of methacrylate-functionalized polydimethylsiloxanes have also been described in U.S. Pat. No. 4,605,712.
It has now been found that polysiloxane-polyurethane rubbers also make excellent soft contact lens material, combining clarity, high elongation and softness with exceptional oxygen-permeability.
Such contact lenses, which are entirely based on poly(dialkylsiloxane) di- or tri-alkanols and diisocyanates have not been described before.
All silicone containing contact lens materials, be they conventional silicone rubbers or the polysiloxane-polyurethanes of this invention are extremely hydrophobic and attract lipid deposits when worn in the eye. In order to overcome the hydrophobic nature of silicone rubber, silicone rubber lenses, such as SILSOFT (DOW-CORNING) have to be surface treated to render them wettable. Numerous such surface treatments have been described:
Relevant United States patents in this area include: U.S. Pat. No. 3,925,178 describes surface treatment by water-vapor subjected to an electrical discharge. U.S. Pat. No. 4,099,859 describes grafting a hydrophilic polymer onto a silicone-rubber contact lens by coating the lens with a hydrophilic monomer followed by exposure to UV. U.S. Pat. No. 4,229,273 describes grafting of a acrylic polymer onto a silicone rubber lens pre-irradiated in the presence of oxygen. U.S. Pat. No. 4,168,112 describes the formation of a poly-electrolyte complex on the surface of a contact lens in order to render it more hydrophilic and comfortable to wear. U.S. Pat. No. 4,217,038 describes the formation of a glass-coating on a silicone contact lens to improve wettability. U.S. Pat. No. 4,409,258 describes a hydrophilizing treatment of contact lenses by bombardment with nitrogen and oxygen ions. U.S. Pat. No. 4,388,164 describes coating the surface of a silicone rubber with a thin metal film by vacuum decomposition in the stretched state. U.S. Pat. No. 4,332,922 describes hydrophilization of silicone contact lenses by a gas-discharge. U.S. Pat. No. 4,143,949 describes putting a hydrophilic coating onto a hydrophobic contact lens by radiation induced polymerization. U.S. Pat. Nos. 4,311,573 and 4,589,964 describe hydrophilization of a hydrophobic polymer by ozone treatment, followed by a grafting of vinyl monomers through decomposition of the formed peroxy groups.
Although these methods allow fabrications of wettable silicone rubber lenses, most of them have major drawbacks; for instance polymerizations can occur not only on the surface, but also in the liquid polymerization medium. Also, because the graft-polymerization depends on active centers, which decompose at different times, inhomogeneous surfaces result because of preferential absorption of monomer into already modified surface regions. In cases where exact depth-control and uniformity of the grafted region is important, such as for example in the surface modification of contact lenses, such uncontrollable grafting reactions are not acceptable. On the other hand, if to reduce inhomogeneities grafting is carried out for a short time only, the grafted surface regions are too thin and in many applications the desired effect soon wears off. Exact control over reaction conditions is therefore very important.
It has now also been discovered, that polysiloxane-polyurethane rubbers are especially well suited to make soft contact lenses not only with excellent oxygen permeability, but excellent wettability and hydrogel-like softness as well, when they are prepared in contact lens molds which have previously been coated with a reactive hydrophilic polymer, which is transfer-grafted during cure.
It has been further discovered, that polysiloxane-polyurethane rubbers can be made in form of an interpenetrating polymer network (IPN) with a free-radical polymerized vinyl polymer; these IPN's are often clear and besides being highly oxygen permeable, allow the physical properties of the polysiloxane-polyurethane rubber to be varied over a wide range; they include water swellable compositions and compositions bearing polar groups which are otherwise difficult to incorporate into a polyurethane.Phase-locked loop (PLL) circuits are useful in many electronic systems. For example, PLL circuits may be used for master clock generation for a microprocessor system, clock generation for a sampling clock in an analog-to-digital conversion system, clock generation for data recovery in a low-voltage differential signal (LVDS) driver/receiver system, cathode ray tube (CRT) displays, as well as numerous other applications.
PLL applications typically provide an output clock signal by comparing the output clock signal to a reference clock signal. A phase-frequency detector (PFD) circuit is often employed to provide a raw control signal to a loop filter. The phase-frequency detector circuit provides the raw control signal in response to comparing the phase and frequency of the output clock signal to the reference clock signal. The loop filter often is a low-pass filter (LPF) that is arranged to provide a smoothed or averaged control signal in response to raw control signal. Typically, a voltage-controlled oscillator (VCO) is arranged to receive the control signal from the loop filter. The VCO produces the clock signal in response to the control signal such that the frequency of the clock is varied until the phase and frequency of the clock signal are matched to the reference clock signal.
A PLL circuit may include a PFD circuit that provides UP and DOWN signals in response to the comparison between the output clock signal and the reference clock signal. The UP and DOWN signals are dependent on both the phase and frequency of the output and reference clock signals. The UP signal is active when the frequency of the output clock signal is lower than the reference signal, while the DOWN signal is active when the frequency of the output clock signal is determined to be higher than the reference signal. Similarly, the UP signal is active when the phase of the output clock is lagging behind the phase of the reference clock, and the DOWN signal is active when the phase of the output clock is leading the phase of the reference clock.It is generally well known that the life of a battery can be drastically reduced by failure to maintain the proper water level in the battery cell. This maintenance oversight is generally the result of an inability of the serviceman to readily observe the level of the electrolyte in the battery without removal of the cap. Overfilling of the battery cell can also cut cell capacity and cause corrosion of the battery. On the other hand, underfilling reduces the cell capacity, causes excessive heating and charging and can permanently damage a battery cell. Since each cell is independent proper maintenance requires removal of each cap in order to observe the electrolyte level within the cell.The present invention relates to a closure for a missile launching tube and more particularly to a frangible missile tube closure.
Launch tube closures may be used as a sealing means in conjunction with an outer hatch for the launching of missiles from a submerged or underground missile launcher. The closures may also be used as an environmental closure on launch tubes of surface, ground or air launched missiles. In either case, the closure is designed to be removed prior to launching of the missile.
Prior art launch tube closures include flat plastic diaphragms with explosive cord arranged along a predetermined pattern, Mechlin, Jr. et al, U.S. Pat. No. 3,135,163. The explosive cord is detonated to rupture the diaphragm into several pieces prior to missile launch. A similar type of launch closure employs a thin frangible plastic diaphgram placed over the launch tube so as to be ruptured by the missile as the missile exits the launch tube, Kroh, U.S. Pat. No. 3,742,814. One drawback of these types of closure is that the thin nature of the diaphragm prevents the closure from being used with submerged or underground launch tubes due to the high differential pressures encountered.
Another launch tube closure, Schenk, U.S. Pat. No. 3,962,951, is a dome shaped closure formed of asbestoes reinforced phenolic plastic with plastic foam or other strengthening material between the phenolic plastic dome and the missile. A linear shaped charge is again provided to cut the plastic dome. The disadvantage of this type closure is that the missile must cam back the reinforced phenolic plastic and strengthening material as the missile exits the launch tube. The camming action places a front end load on the missile which may later affect the missile trajectory.The field of this invention lies in the glazing of a window frame and a glass pane, in particular, a double glass pane, which pane is inserted into a window frame groove.
In the known glazing process which is described in U.S. Pat. No. 3,667,179, double glass panes are glazed by inserting them into the groove of a horizontally arranged frame member and the groove or slot is filled with a heat-hardenable sealing mass of the polysulfide type, after which such mass is hardened. In this process, the double glass pane thus rests directly on the groove bottom, and the sealing mass thus can only fill up the open groove space situated between the adjacent edge portions of the glass pane and the groove wall. After the heat-hardenable sealing mass is hardened, the open side of the groove is then, in this method, covered with a glass retention strip or bar on whose edge facing toward the pane surface but facing away from the groove bottom there is located an elastic sealing layer. This known technique has the disadvantage that the connection between the glass pane and frame is produced exclusively by the adhesive connection effectuated by means of the sealing mass, which connection naturally, after the sealing mass is hardened, can exert no elastic pressure on the groove bottom or on the groove wall. on the one hand, and, on the other hand, on the glass pane. Accordingly, the danger exists that, as a consequence of the forces acting on the pane in the use thereof, such as wind pressures, and the like, such connection between frame and glass pane comes somewhat undone, so that moisture, dirt and biological agents can penetrate into the groove space particularly from the pane surface adjacent to the groove. The result is that the sealing mass is attacked, and such connection is finally completely loosened. On the side facing away from the groove bottom, the sealing profile provided on the glass retention strip is, to be sure, capable of preventing the occurrence of this kind of phenomena, but only when the glass retention strip is successfully attached to the frame with such a lasting pressure that the elastic sealing layer retains a permanent elastic deformation during the duration of use of the pane; that is, such layer rests against the glass retention strip and the pane surface facing away from the groove bottom with considerable contact pressure. Such pressures can be achieved only with difficulty, so that, in the course of time, the same creeping loosening phenomena must be feared on the pane surface portions located adjacent the bottom as occur on the pane surface portions facing toward the groove bottom, which same surface portions are usually always exposed to weather influences.
The above described disadvantage of the glazing according to U.S. Pat. No. 3,667,179 cannot be avoided by a process such as described in German O S No. 1,704,450, in which a glass pane is cast into a frame profile. Here as well, an adhesive connection with the frame is effectuated only by means of the casting mass and no provision is made for a permanent elastic pressing of the sealing mass against the pane, on the one hand, and the frame, on the other hand.
Such disadvantage is also no overcome by the technique disclosed in German O S No. 1,683,661 when the casting of an elastic polyurethane edge jacketing is shown. Such jacketing is pressed after assembly. However, in this case also the permanent pressure exerted on the connection surface between the sealing mass and the glass pane depends decisively on the glass retention strip being connected to the frame in the clamped position reliably and without yielding. Above and beyond that, a problem exists here in that the sealing mass cannot be optimized with respect to its ability to guarantee a dependable adhesive connection between the frame and the pane. Because of considerations of process-technology, a compromise must be sought between the necessary elastic characteristics of the sealing mass and its adhesive characteristics, among other factors.
German O S No. 1,759,962 teaches the use of prefabricated elastic rubber strips fitted onto the pane edges, by means of which, in a per se advantageous manner, an elastically compressable sealing profile thus rests against the pane edges, but this technique provides no adhesive connection whatsoever between the glass pane and the frame, so that, with the characteristic fatigue phenomena associated with elastic rubber strips, creeping phenomena, and the like, can easily ensue.
Similar disadvantages exist for the glazing technique according to German A S No. 1,659,744, in which a plastic or malleable intermediate layer is elastically positioned between the frame profile parts and the adjacent pane, just as, in the case of glazing according to German A S No. 1,683,156, and German Utility Model Nos. 1,969,281 and 6,949,025, only elastic, mechanically pressed on sealing profiles are provided, without adhesive connection.
The use of hardenable sealing masses without permanent contact pressure on the pane surfaces is shown, finally, as well, by Austrian Pat. No. 218,187, U.S. Pat. No. 3,415,701 and by the glazing process for all-glass double panes described in the publication "Glaswelt 1960", pp. 128 to 130.This invention is concerned generally with digital information storage devices, and particularly with random access memories (RAM's) in which logic "1" or "0" bits are represented by charge stored in an array of individual memory cells. In prior art RAM's, each cell typically includes an MOS capacitor as a storage element and a transistor to gate the storage capacitor to an input-output (I-O) line, commonly referred to as a "bit-line". The memory cells are configured in an x-y (two-dimensional) array in which the storage capacitors of the elements in any column are all connected in parallel to the same bit-line, while the gates of all transistors of the memory elements of any row are connected in parallel to a "word-line". To access any particular memory element in the x-y array, the word-line corresponding to the desired row is brought high, permitting charge from the storage capacitors of each element in that row to pass through the gating transistor of that element and be shared with the associated bit-line. The resulting voltage swing of each bit-line is detected by a sense amplifier associated with that bit-line. A reading of the particular sense amplifier corresponding to the desired column gives an indication of the logic state of the selected memory cell.
The operation described above is a "destructive read" in that the charge stored in all of the memory cells of the selected row has now been lost. Thus, the data in the sense amplifiers must be rewritten back into these memory cells to restore each memory element to its original state. This "rewrite" operation, as well as the memory "write" operation itself is accomplished as follows: the sense amplifier for each column drives the associated bit-line to a "high" or "low" state which concomitantly charges the storage capacitor of the cells whose word lines are high.
In RAM's of the type discussed above the use of one sense amplifier for each bit-line is required to "read" the state of the memory cells, to restore the memory elements to their original state after the "read" operation and to "write" into the memory cells generally. However, the use of large numbers of sense amplifiers results in excessive power dissipation requirements for the semi conductor chip on which the memory is fabricated. This problem has become more severe as technology has made possible the fabrication of larger RAM's on smaller chips.This invention relates to novel security articles comprising fibers, threads and fiber sections (“dots”) possessing multiple verification characteristics. The fibers possess unique and difficulty duplicated combinations of complex cross-sections, components, and multiple luminescent responses. The many verifiable characteristics of the security fibers, threads, and dots provide high levels of protection against fraudulent duplication of articles in which they are incorporated. The manifold security features provide means of tailoring specific identity characteristics for specific use and users.This invention relates to semiconductor memory devices and more particularly to an improved high-density MOS random access, dynamic read/write memory.
One of the most widely used memory devices for computers is the MOS dynamic RAM of the 64K-bit size, such as the device illustrated in U.S. Pat. No. 4,239,993, issued to McAlexander, White and Rao, assigned to Texas Instruments. As memory density in RAM devices of this type increases to the 256K-bit and 1-Megabit sizes, however, power dissipation in the integrated circuit becomes more of a problem. Power dissipation may be reduced by avoiding activation of circuits when not necessary; the active pull-up function is one example of such a circuit.
In the dynamic RAM of U.S. Pat. No. 4,239,993, the initial sensing voltage for the differential sense amplifier is established by connecting the storage capacitance to one bit line and a dummy capacitance to the other bit line. The sense amplifier is then activated, and the bit line with the lower voltage will be pulled to ground level by the sense amplifier. For reading a `1`, the storage cell bit line remains high, and for reading a `0` the dummy cell side stays high. The high side does, however, lose some charge during sensing, so that it is not at the full Vdd potential. Thus, after sensing is complete, active pull-up circuits on the bit lines are activated to bring the high bit lines back up to a full Vdd level, so that the storage cells will be left with a full Vdd level for a stored `1`. Power is wasted in this step, however, in sense amplifiers that sensed a `0` level, since the active pull-up is activated on the dummy cell side of the sense amplifier and the bit-sense line is brought to a full Vdd. Any charge spent charging the dummy cell is wasted since all of the dummy cells are discharged to ground in the precharge cycle.
It is the principal object of this invention to provide improved sense amplifier circuitry for high-speed, high-density, low-power dynamic random access memory devices, particularly for reducing the power needed for the active pull-up function. Another object is to provide sense amplifier circuitry for a semiconductor dynamic memory device which uses active pull-up circcuits that are not operated when not needed. A further object is to provide an improved sense amplifier for a dynamic RAM circuit which conserves power in restoring or writing a full supply level into the selected storage cell.The invention relates to a vacuum valve comprising a valve housing which has a vacuum region in the interior, a closure unit which is arranged in the vacuum region of the valve housing and by which at least one valve opening is closable in a closed state of the vacuum valve, a longitudinal drive by which the closure unit is adjustable in a longitudinal direction for adjusting the closure unit between a position opening up the valve opening and a position covering the valve opening, a longitudinal guide for the displaceable guiding of the closure unit parallel to the longitudinal direction, said longitudinal guide having a guide rod extending parallel to the longitudinal direction, and at least one guide part, wherein the guide rod is attached to the valve housing, and the guide part to which the closure unit is attached is guided displaceably parallel to the longitudinal direction by the guide rod, or the at least one guide part is attached to the valve housing, and the guide rod to which the closure unit is attached is guided displaceably parallel to the longitudinal direction by the at least one guide part, and wherein the at least one guide part has at least one bearing element for the mounting of the guide part in relation to the guide rod so as to be displaceable parallel to the longitudinal direction or for the mounting of the guide rod in relation to the guide part so as to be displaceable parallel to the longitudinal direction.
U.S. Pat. No. 9,086,173 B2 reveals a vacuum valve, the closure unit of which has first and second valve plates which close opposite first and second valve openings in a valve housing in a closed state of the vacuum valve. The valve plates are supported by a supporting unit of the closure unit. The supporting unit is attached to a valve rod which is led out of the vacuum region of the valve housing. The valve openings are opened up in the open state of the vacuum valve.
In order to close the vacuum valve, the supporting unit is displaced by a longitudinal drive, which is arranged outside the vacuum region, in front of the valve opening by axial displacement of the valve rod, wherein the valve plates are still raised from the valve seats. The supporting unit is here guided displaceably in relation to the valve housing parallel to the longitudinal direction by longitudinal guides on opposite sides. The closure unit has transverse drive elements, by which the valve plates are consequently pressed against the valve seats.
Instead of transverse drive elements, spreading elements, such as wedge elements, rollers, etc., could also be present in order to press the two valve plates against the valve seats. This would then be brought about by the longitudinal drive after the supporting unit has run against an end stop during closing of the vacuum valve. Closure mechanisms of this type are known in diverse embodiments in the prior art.
Such vacuum valves are used in particular in vacuum systems for carrying out vacuum processes, especially in semiconductor technology or in coating technology, for example for producing screens. Substrates to be processed are guided here through such vacuum valves in order to transfer the substrates from one vacuum chamber into an adjacent vacuum chamber. In the case of relatively large plate-like substrates, the valve openings are of slot-shaped design, i.e. have a substantially greater length than width. With an increasing size of the substrates to be processed, transport of the substrates in a horizontal orientation becomes increasingly more difficult or no longer possible because of the risk of buckling. A vertical (upright or hanging) or approximately vertical transport of such substrates is therefore already known. For this purpose, the slot-shaped valve openings are oriented vertically or approximately vertically. The closure unit is oriented correspondingly for this purpose.
A vacuum valve of this type is revealed, for example, in AT 14814 U. In order to be able to carry out servicing of the valve in a simple manner, it is described in this document that the closure unit has at least one rail, by which the closure unit, hanging on the rail or standing on the rail, can be pulled out of the valve housing into a servicing position. For this purpose, either additional rails, along which the closure unit can be moved out of the valve housing, are fitted after removal of a housing part of the valve housing, or, for the longitudinal guidance of the closure unit in relation to the valve housing, there are telescopic rails, by which the closure unit can be pulled out of the valve housing.
A similar vacuum valve is also revealed in JP-3241456 B2.
U.S. Pat. No. 6,899,316 B2 reveals a vacuum valve in which the closure unit has only one valve plate in order to close a valve opening in the valve housing in the closed state of the vacuum valve. Analogously as in the case of the valve known from U.S. Pat. No. 9,086,173 B2, a longitudinal drive arranged outside the vacuum region, and transverse drive elements arranged on the closure unit are present. The closure unit is guided displaceably in the longitudinal direction in relation to the valve housing on opposite sides.
A closure of a valve opening of a valve housing could also be carried out merely by a linear movement of the closure member, in particular by a three-dimensional sealing surface, as is revealed, for example, in DE 37 17 724 A1 or U.S. Pat. No. 4,921,213 A.Computing systems have bottoms that are supported by distinct feet which elevate the bottom for cooling and noise suppression. The distinct feet increase the complexity and cost of such computing systems.This invention relates generally to sensors for monitoring extremely small mechanical displacements, and in particular to an improvement in a Fiber Optic Bragg Grating (FOBG) sensor consisting of a unique demodulator for detecting changes in an optical signal induced by the sensed mechanical displacement. The invention has broad utility in applications in which small mechanical displacements are to be detected, for example in monitoring stresses in advanced materials used in aircraft components and detecting the onset of corrosion.
A typical FOBG consists of a Bragg grating formed within the core of an optical fiber. The grating consists of a region within the core, having a periodic spatial variation in its refractive index along the direction of the axis of the fiber core. Because of the spatial variations in the refractive index, the core of the optical fiber effectively has "lines," i.e. subregions of alternating higher and lower refractive index. These gratings may be formed by exposing a doped optical fiber to an interference pattern formed by two laser beams. The varying energy density in the interference pattern induces permanent changes in the index of refraction of the core of the optical fiber.
In practice, a coherent, but relatively broad band, light source is coupled to an optical fiber having one or more Bragg gratings. Each of the Bragg gratings reflects light in a narrow band of wavelengths which depends on the spacing of the lines of the grating. The reflected light beam is transmitted through a two-way optical coupler to a spectrum analyzer which, in effect "demodulates" the light beam modulated by the gratings. The spectrum analyzer is able to extract useful information concerning the condition of the gratings. The optical fiber may be coupled to an article under mechanical stress so that strain in the article effects changes in the spacing of the grating elements. The resulting changes in the spectrum of the returning light beam are detected and interpreted to obtain information on the strain in the article under stress.
A single optical fiber can incorporate several Bragg gratings, and the gratings can have different line spacings so that they reflect different bands of wavelengths. This makes it possible to distinguish between the optical signals returned by several gratings in a single optical fiber.
Previously known demodulation schemes include broadband optical filtering, and interferometry using a Fabry Perot cavity. These have various deficiencies such as high cost, bulkiness and sensitivity to thermal fluctuations and/or mechanical vibrations.Some surgical procedures utilize small fasteners having limited torque applied thereto, such as those used to install pacemakers in patients. Torquing such small fasteners is problematic in that there are few if any tools that are adjustable to limit torques to very small values, in a tool which itself is quite small and delicate. Moreover, because of the surgical environment, a torque tool must be sterilized. Reuse of such tools is objectionable since a used torque tool must be carefully sterilized for a reuse, which requires valuable time of medical personnel. A sterilized tool must also be suitably repackaged, and tracked as part of inventory. These ancillary tasks make reuse of surgical torque tools unfeasible economically. There exists a need for a better way of providing small surgical torque tools.Mud flaps are commonly located behind the rear wheels of trucks or other large vehicles. They are utilized to prevent the spraying out of mud, sand, and other road debris which may be located behind or along the side of a moving vehicle. Standard mud flaps simply extend straight down from the back of a vehicle. They are likely to wear, tear, rot, and generally sustain damage over time.
Mud flap damage is an especially serious problem for dump trucks, during their unloading operations. As the body of a dump truck is raised into dumping position, the mud flaps at the rear of the vehicle are extended further downward, into contact with the rear wheels of the truck. This often results in bending or breakage of the mud flaps, rendering them ineffective. Failure to operate such vehicles without having the required, in tact mud flaps could subject the vehicle owner to legal penalties.
There have been a number of proposed solutions to these problems, most of which involve the use of retractable mud flap systems, designed to retract or lift the mud flaps during unloading operations and then extend them down when the vehicle is in transit. Such systems, while sometimes effective, often breakdown due to the number of components involved and the rough and grimy nature of the work being done. Moreover, these mud flap retraction systems are not only an expensive add-on to vehicles, but also expensive to maintain. As a result, in many cases, broken, inoperable systems are left unrepaired, thus defeating their necessary and important purpose.
An example of one of many such systems is disclosed in U.S. Pat. No. 8,864,176. Here, an elaborate system of components is utilized to retract a hinged mud flap by partially folding and maintaining the flap in this retracted partially folded position. The system includes all the inherent problems of similar flap retraction systems, previously discussed.1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to a semiconductor laser such as a laser diode and a method of manufacturing such a semiconductor laser, and more particularly to a semiconductor laser suitable for use as a light source in an optical system such as an optical pickup for reading information recorded on a magnetooptical disk or the like and a method of manufacturing such a semiconductor laser.
2. Description of the Prior Art
Optical systems such as optical pickups for reading information recorded on a magnetooptical disk or the like incorporate a semiconductor laser such as a laser diode as a light source. Generally, the semiconductor lasers have a mirror surface formed in a cleavage plane. It is known in the art that light returning from the optical system combined with a semiconductor laser is reflected by a front end surface of the mirror surface and reenters the optical system, causing a variety of noise-induced problems. If the reentry of light from the optical system into the semiconductor laser occurs in a three-spot optical disk pickup, then tracking control is adversely affected.
In order to alleviate the above drawback, it has been proposed to reduce the thickness of the pellet itself of the semiconductor laser for thereby allowing as much of the reentrant light from the optical system as possible to pass behind the semiconductor laser pellet.
However, since a wafer from which semiconductor laser pellets are cut out is also reduced in thickness, the mechanical strength of the wafer is lowered. While semiconductor lasers are being fabricated, they have to be handled with utmost care as they tend to be easily damaged. Therefore, the fabrication process is low in efficiency and suffers a high rate of defective semiconductor lasers in the yield.
According to another proposal, the front end surface of the mirror surface of the semiconductor laser, except for a laser emission area, is coated with a material having a low reflectance or a material having a high absorptance. The process of coating such a material is, however, practically complex and difficult to carry out.Mechanical fasteners, which are also called hook and loop fasteners, typically include a plurality of closely spaced upstanding projections with loop-engaging heads useful as hook members, and loop members typically include a plurality of woven, nonwoven, or knitted loops. Mechanical fasteners are useful for providing releasable attachment in numerous applications. For example, mechanical fasteners are widely used in wearable disposable absorbent articles to fasten such articles around the body of a person. In typical configurations, a hook strip or patch on a fastening tab attached to the rear waist portion of a diaper or incontinence garment, for example, can fasten to a landing zone of loop material on the front waist region, or the hook strip or patch can fasten to the backsheet (e.g., nonwoven backsheet) of the diaper or incontinence garment in the front waist region. Mechanical fasteners are also useful for disposable articles such as sanitary napkins. A sanitary napkin typically includes a back sheet that is intended to be placed adjacent to the wearer's undergarment. The back sheet may comprise hook fastener elements to securely attach the sanitary napkin to the undergarment, which mechanically engages with the hook fastener elements.
Hook and loop fastening systems can include at least two engagement strength characteristics: peel strength and shear strength. Peel strength corresponds to the force required to disengage the fastening members from one another by peeling one fastening member upward and away from the other fastening member. Shear strength corresponds to the force required to disengage the fastening members from one another by pulling at least one of the fastening members away from the other in a plane that is parallel to the fastening members. Typically, the engagement strength of the fastening members is higher in shear than in peel. While the peel strength may be a factor when the fastening members are intentionally separated, typically, the shear strength is responsible for holding the fastening members together during normal use.Performance standards for plumbing products in general and faucet systems in particular are being required by more and more communities for both residential and commercial construction. The standards which are being adopted include standards relating to maintaining mixed water temperature as well as standards relating to high temperature limits for the mixed water supply for the faucet systems.
A pressure balancer is used in a hot/cold water supply system to meet the first standard noted above and maintain mixed water temperature in response to pressure fluctuations in the hot or cold water supply lines. The pressure balancer is designed to operate in a commercial system where the hot water pressurization system is separate from the cold water pressurization system and in a residential system where the pressurization of the hot and cold water systems is common. When water is demanded by a user for showering, the user adjusts the mixing valve to attain a desired temperature of the mixed hot and cold water. If, during the course of showering, the cold water pressure fails or drops significantly, the user is then subjected instantaneously and unexpectedly to an increase in the temperature of the mixed hot and cold water. This could result in serious scalding of the user. Similarly, if the hot water pressure fails or drops significantly, the user is subjected instantaneously and unexpectedly to a decrease in the temperature of the mixed hot and cold water. While this situation is not as potentially harmful to the user's well being as a reduction in the cold water pressure, the reduction of the hot water pressure can still be startling and extremely unpleasant.
The pressure balancer is incorporated into the hot and cold water supply systems to eliminate the unexpected reaction to the reduction of either the hot or cold water supply pressure. The pressure balancer operates to shut off the supply of hot or cold water upon a failure of the pressurized supply of the other. The pressure balancer also responds to changes in the pressure of the hot and cold water supplies where the changes in pressure are sufficient to alter the mix ratio of the hot and cold water and thus the temperature of the mixed water. The pressure balancer responds to the pressure fluctuations by balancing or equalizing the water flow on the hot water side and the cold water side of the pressure balancer to maintain the mix ratio of the hot and cold water and thus maintain the temperature of the mixed water.
The second standard which is being adopted is a high temperature limit control for faucet systems. The high temperature limit control is designed to limit the hot water temperature which is available from the hot water supply system to a level which will prevent scalding of an individual. The high temperature limit control can be accomplished by placing a stop on a single handle faucet which prohibits the movement of the handle to a position which provides full hot water flow with no cold water flow. Thus, a combination of hot and cold water will always be supplied to the mixing valve thereby limiting the temperature of the mixed water. The stop for the single handle faucet is preferably designed with adjustability in order to compensate for varying supply temperatures of the hot and cold water systems.
Another method for accomplishing the high temperature limit control is to mechanically link the hot and cold water control valves with a lost motion device in an two/three handle faucet in order to provide the mixing of cold water with the hot water to limit the temperature of the supplied water. While this approach is feasible, the intricacies of the mechanism, the potential high cost of the mechanism and the durability of the mechanism prohibit the development of faucet systems using this concept.
Thus, there is a need for a two/three faucet system which incorporates a pressure balancer and a high temperature limit control in a simplified and cost effective manner. The faucet system should incorporate both of these controls while still maintaining convenience to the user for adjustability as well as accessibility to the inner working of the faucet system for maintenance purposes.(a) Technical Field
The present disclosure relates to an apparatus and a method for charging a liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) fuel vehicle, and more particularly, to an apparatus and a method for charging an LPG fuel vehicle capable of more easily charging an LPG tank with LPG fuel by decreasing part of pressure in the LPG tank when pressure in the LPG tank, which stores the LPG fuel, is greater than charging pressure.
(b) Background Art
In general, as illustrated in FIG. 1, a process of charging an LPG fuel vehicle includes operating a charging pump 2 of an LPG fuel station, supplying LPG fuel through a charger 3 from an LPG reservoir 1 of the LPG fuel station by operating the charging pump 2, and charging an LPG tank of a vehicle with the LPG fuel by LPG charging pressure of the charger 3.
However, the LPG fuel may not be charged since pressure in the LPG tank of the vehicle is greater than the LPG charging pressure when an outside temperature is rapidly increased during warmer weather temperatures. For example, when an atmospheric temperature is about 40° C. or greater during a hot weather season, pressure (e.g., about 16.5 bar) in the LPG tank of the vehicle is increased to be equal to or greater than LPG charging pressure of the charger (e.g., 16.3 bar=pressure of 8.3 bar in the LPG reservoir of the LPG fuel station+LPG pumping pressure of 8.0 bar caused by an operation of the charging pump), and as a result, the LPG tank may not be capable of being charged with the LPG fuel from the charger.
The above information disclosed in this section is merely for enhancement of understanding of the background of the invention and therefore it may contain information that does not form the prior art that is already known in this country to a person of ordinary skill in the art.The present invention relates to receiver equalizers used in television broadcasting to provide signal delays compensating for complementary delays in television receivers.
Government established broadcasting standards for color television service set forth a uniform format for the color television signal which are transmitted by licensed television stations. In this format the color television signal is amplitude modulated onto the station carrier, with the resulting double sideband signal being filtered by a vestigial sideband filter so as to eliminate a large portion of the lower sideband thereof. The upper sideband, however, remains intact and extends out to more than 4.2 MHz above the carrier frequency. The sound, or aural signal is transmitted on a subcarrier located 4.5 MHz above the picture carrier.
In order to eliminate interference between the sound carrier and the higher frequency video information, receivers must include filters with high roll-off rates in the vicinity of 4.5 MHz. When the composite video signal is passed through these filters, the upper frequencies of the color signal experience a time delay which must be corrected. This was recognized at the time that the format was adopted by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) of the United States government, and, to simplified the manufacture of television receivers, it was decided that the correction would be provided at the transmitter, rather than at the receiver. The FCC therefore now mandates that each transmitter include a time delay versus frequency characteristic selected to be the complement of the time delay versus frequency characteristic produced by the sound filter in subsequent receivers.
In TV transmitters currently in use, the receiver equalizer is implemented as a separate functional block including plural discrete components which are designed and adjusted such that the amplitude versus frequency characteristic of the filter is substantially flat over the frequency range of the video signal, but that its time delay versus frequency characteristic is such as to provide the receiver equalization set by FCC standards.
The receiver equalizer adds somewhat to the size of the visual exciter with which it is employed, and includes plural adjustable components which must be calibrated by the manufacturer during the manufacturing process, and which are thereafter susceptible to aging and failure. The receiver equalizer also, obviously, adds to the cost of the visual exciter. For these reasons, then, it would be desirable if the receiver equalizer could be done away with. Receiver equalization is, however, required by law in all transmitters.The present invention relates to an apparatus for determining the oscillation parameters of a longitudinally oscillating band, for example a tape or ribbon, excited by a piezoelectric oscillator and whose oscillations are to be received and evaluated. The apparatus is used for measuring dust concentration in a fluid.
In the course of research work, discussed in a report entitled "Measurement of Emissions from Power Stations" by Theodor Gast and Karl Ulrich Kramm submitted to Bundesministerium fur Forschung und Technologie published October, 1984, tests have been made to determine to what extent the natural frequencies of a longitudinally oscillating band change when its inert mass changes. In an experimental arrangement employed for this purpose, a transmitter and a receiver are provided which are piezoelectric oscillators and which are arranged opposite one another at a defined distance. A band is held between the oscillators by means of first and second collet chucks which are each clamped in between the piezoelectric oscillators by way of a disc-shaped thickened portion.
The oscillations of the transmitter are transferred through the band and the second chuck to the oppositely disposed piezoelectric oscillator operating as the receiver, which thereby produces an output signal. In this experimental arrangement, the frequency of the transmitter is controlled in such a manner that a phase shift of 90.degree. exists between the phases of the excited and received waves, causing a standing wave to be formed having nodes at the clamping points (e.g., the first and second collet chucks). Experiments have shown that, for example, an increase in mass in the center region of the band results in a decrease in amplitude of the standing wave, and this change in amplitude could be used as a measuring value. In addition, it was found that the frequency is influenced, and this change in frequency could also represent a measuring variable. A chamber plunger structure and a pressure plate of this kind is described by Theodor Gast and Karl Ulrich Kramm in more detail in the European Patent Application No. 0 214 366 A2 and in the figure therein.
However, this "chamber-plunger structure" has considerable drawbacks. For example, the force generated by means of the piezoelectric element and acting on the plunger must be opposed by a counterforce produced by the enclosing chamber itself (i.e., by the corresponding front or rear pressure plate). Furthermore, in this device, synchronism of the piezoelectric element, which is necessary for conversion of input electrical energy to mechanical energy of the band, is not ensured. Therefore, it may be possible that not only the plunger--as is assumed in the ideal case--but the entire system of the chamber, the plunger, and the piezoelectric element oscillates, i.e. only part of the mechanically-produced energy is ultimately transferred to the band and detected at the receiver as a band signal. Consequently, bands having high material attenuation or a long length are not usable to produce a signal that can be evaluated.
Due to its complex mechanical structure, the foregoing system necessarily includes a plurality of "spring to mass" couplings, which all produce undesirable individual mechanical resonances. As a result of the external dimensions and material constants of the foregoing system, these undesirable individual mechanical resonances all lie in the intended useful frequency range of the measurements. However, an unequivocal evaluation of the resultant measurements can be made only if no natural resonance occurs in the transmitter or receiver below the uppermost measuring frequency. The prior art system exhibits these subordinate resonance phenomena beginning at 7 KHz, and therefore the measuring frequency has to be less than 7 KHz.
A practical embodiment of the apparatus with changed dimensions (larger plunger, chamber, and piezoelectric element) exhibits resonances over the entire frequency range (1 KHz to 40 KHz) measured, so that accurate and reliable results cannot be ensured. The resonant frequencies (e.g., subordinate resonances) of the undesirable "spring to mass" couplings are not frequency stable. They are subject to a great extent to extraneous influences such as, for example, tightening moments from the clamping screws, ambient temperature, mechanical shocks occurring during transport, and so on. The "tuning" of such systems is extremely difficult since there are interacting factors. That is, the effect of a change in one parameter can be evaluated only by observation of the total frequency spectrum of the system, e.g. a Fourier analysis, which, however, is possible in relatively few cases. For the above reasons, the aforementioned prior art device is not suitable for use in practice (especially for use in the rough surroundings of a power plant where this invention could be used).
Although piezoceramic high power transducers are known ("Technologie und Anwendungen von Ferroelektrika" [Technology and Uses of Ferroelectric Elements], published by VAG Leipzig, 1976, pages 360 et seq.), these serve to generate the acoustic output power of ultrasound transducers employed, for example, for cleaning purposes (in water as a prerequisite) or for underwater signal transmission (page 360, second paragraph, lines 4 and 5). Their use as elements for transferring forces to bands or the like that are mechanically coupled to them, for example under environmental conditions or in flue gas chimneys, is neither mentioned nor suggested.1. Field of the Invention
This invention relates to an an apparatus for opening and closing a folding bed of an overlapping type.
2. Description of the Prior Art
There have been two types of conventional folding beds. An overlapping folding bed type in which a front panel attached to a bed body is superposed on a cabinet at the time of foldably containing the bed body therein, and the other being a recessed type of a folding bed in which a front panel is foldably contained inside a cabinet. In both types, it is preferable to have one front panel since a simple external appearance is obtained when the bed body is foldably contained i the cabinet.
In order to use one front panel in the folding bed of an overlapping type, there is known a means for separately providing the rotational shafts of a bed body and a front panel, means for providing the rotational shaft of a bed body at the lower portion of a front panel outside a cabinet, etc.
However, according to the former means, since the rotational shafts of the bed body and the front panel are different, the bed body and the front panel are deviated at a difference between the axes of both the rotational shafts.
On the other hand, according to the latter means, since the rotational shaft of the bed body is projected forward of the cabinet, there arises a problem that the bed body and a front panel rotating force energizing mechanism cannot be arranged with springs, etc., around the shaft.
There is know to eliminate the problems described above by a means for dividing a front panel into upper and lower panels, and utilizing the upper panel as a side panel at the time of using the bed body as a bed.
However, since both the upper and lower panels are coupled to the bed body via a link in this means, it is always cooperated with upon opening or closing of the bed body. Therefore, it cannot be used as a maintenance panel which can be freely opened or closed.
In order to eliminate the above problem, the following folding bed is already known.
In this folding bed, as shown in FIGS. 8 and 9, a front panel is divided into an upper panel a and a lower panel b, the upper panel is fixed to a bed body d rotatably openably supported by a cabinet c, the lower panel b is clamped at the cabinet c with wooden screws, etc., (not shown), and the lower panel b can be removed for maintenance.
However, in the conventional folding bed as described above, since the lower panel b is always fixed to the cabinet c, a relief g for the lower panel b must be cut out at the frame e of the bed body d and the base of a mattress f as shown in FIG. 8. Further, when the bed body d is used as a bed, the upper surface of the mattress f becomes higher, and the bed body d is arranged at a place considerably spaced from a floor surface. As a result, folding legs h must be provided underneath the bed body d. Accordingly, when the bed body d is drawn out from the cabinet c or contained in the cabinet c, the legs h must be extended or retracted, or must be disposed in a containing state or state of use by means of rotation. Thus, the operation is not only complicated, but its aesthetic appearance is lessened.
In FIG. 9, a rotating force energizing mechanism i for the bed body d and the upper panel a is provided.1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates generally to tool chuck assemblies, such as in particular those adapted to rigidly clamp workpieces exhibiting thin wall cross sections. More specifically, the present invention discloses an improved tool part locking chuck exhibiting a plurality of independent and circumferentially arrayed wedge clamps for gripping selected locations of an irregular and often thin walled workpiece. The chuck holder may incorporate multiple spring, pneumatic or hydraulic clamping pressure, uniformly spread across all of the circumferentially arrayed wedge clamps, and with the effect of both increasing the amount of contact points (and corresponding clamping pressure) concurrent with reducing or eliminating part deformation.
2. Description of the Prior Art
The prior art is well documented with varying types of lathe chuck holding assemblies, such as which are associated with a rotary driven and spindle supported assembly for permitting a stationary positioned tool to machine given surfaces associated with a clamped workpiece. A first example is set forth in U.S. Pat. No. 6,464,235, issued to Rohm, and which teaches a latch chuck having a chuck body centered on and rotatable about a main axis. The chuck is formed with a plurality of radially extending jaw-guide grooves and, transverse to the grooves, with respective guide passages each in turn formed with an abutment. Respective jaws are displaceable in the grooves with each having at least one tooth exposed in the respective guide passage and respective control rods displaceable along the passages each having at least one tooth meshing with the tooth of the respective jaw. A control pin is axially displaceable in each rod between an extended position projecting into the respective jaw-guide groove and a retracted position. A latch pin is axially displaceable in each rod between an extended latching position engaging the respective rod in the respective passage and a retracted position permitting such movement. A spring urges the pins into their extended positions, and a coupling member engaged between the pins displaces the respective latch pin into the respective retracted position on displacement of the control pin into its retracted position. Thus, when there is no jaw in the guide groove, the latch pin of the respective control rod latches the same against movement in the respective passage.
U.S. Pat. No. 4,026,566, also issued to Rohm, teaches a chuck for latches and other machine tools having a chuck body provided with axially shiftable wedging members to actuate the jaws, a rotatable guard ring prevents full axial withdrawal of these members from sockets in the jaws in one angular position of the ring. In another angular position of the ring, recesses in the latter are aligned with the wedging members to allow the latter to clear the jaws for radial withdrawal and replacement thereof.
Japanese Patent Publication JP2001/038510 teaches a machine tool chuck exhibiting a pair of movable wedge bars driving a plurality of clamp jaws arranged inside a guide notch of radial direction of a chuck body and intersecting the guide notch inside a wedge bar picket inside the chuck body to form worm gears with rows of gear teeth meshing with corresponding gear cut groove parts of the clamp jaws. A lock slider is incorporated in each wedge bar with a lock pin rod movably guided in parallel to a chuck axis arranged therein. A plurality of lock sliders are capable of moving the lock pin rods having the rows of gear teeth from a lock position maintaining an engaged state with the clamp jaws to an exchange position enabling exchange of the clamp jaws. In such a case, securing pin rods are movable in the axial direction, receiving the force of the springs and being pressed toward the clamp jaws arranged inside the lock pin rods.
U.S. Pat. No. 5,158,307, issued to Toyano et al., teaches a machine tool chuck in which a wedge member is provided to cause radial displacement or workpiece clamping pawls for replacement. The replacement can be made with minimum variations in radial position at which the clamping pawls are relocated. To this end, the clamping pawls and slide blocks are slidably guided radially through a chuck body independently of each other. Each clamping pawl and each slide block are in slidable engagement with a sloping wedge action portion of an axial slidable wedge bar in such a way that the clamping pawl and slide block move radially independently of each other while maintaining a geometric relationship there between. For replacement of the clamping pawl, the wedge bar is moved backward to cause its wedge action portion to be disengaged from the clamping pawl whereby the clamping pawl can be slid radially outwardly for replacement.
Finally, U.S. Pat. No. 4,799,837, issued to Vollmer, teaches a multi-component chucking system, in particular for concentric or true rotation tools, and having a receiving body optionally having a chucking shaft, with an engagement surface extending at right angles to the axis of rotation and a coaxial retention bore as well as a tool element, preferably embodied as a tool holder. On its end face, the tool element also has an engagement surface at right angles to the axis of rotation and is formed with a coaxial retention stub fitting into the retention bore, by means of which stub the tool element can be centered with respect to the receiving body. A chucking pin is associated with the retention stub and coaxial with the axis of rotation, along with chucking means actuable from outside the receiving body, allowing the clamping together of the tool element and the receiving body. The chucking means have two radially movably supported locking elements which have locking surfaces by which, in a chucking position, wedge-like surface regions of the chucking pin that are inclined with respect to the axis of rotation are engaged from below. These wedge-like surface regions of the chucking pin are located on a single common conical surface region that is coaxial with the axis of rotation and forms an acute angle with it.1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to personalization of content. More particularly, the present invention relates to user interface techniques and active and passive personalization techniques to enhance a user's personalization experience.
2. Background
With more and more content being continually added to the world wide information infrastructure, the volume of information accessible via the Internet, can easily overwhelm someone wishing to locate items of interest. Although such a large source pool of information is desirable, only a small amount is usually relevant to a given person. Personalization techniques are developing to provide intelligent filtering systems to ‘understand’ a user's need for specific types of information.
Personalization typically requires some aspect of user modeling. Ideally, a perfect computer model of a user's brain would determine the user's preferences exactly and track them as the user's tastes, context, or location change. Such a model would allow a personal newspaper, for example, to contain Sonly articles in which the user has interest, and no article in which the user is not interested. The perfect model would also display advertisements with 100% user activity rates (i.e., a viewer would peruse and/or click-through every ad displayed) and would display only products that a user would buy. Therefore, personalization requires modeling the user's mind with as many of the attendant subtleties as possible. Unfortunately, user modeling to date (such as information filtering agents) has been relatively unsophisticated.
However, personalization content as well as profiles can be difficult for users to digest, especially where such content is dispersed through a web page that often requires a large amount of scrolling. Furthermore, developing a personalization profile can be cumbersome and time consuming. Fill-in profiles represent the simplest form of user modeling for personalization technology. A fill-in profile may ask for user demographic information such as income, education, children, zip code, sex and age. The form may further ask for interest information such as sports, hobbies, entertainment, fashion, technology or news about a particular region, personality, or institution. The fill-in profile type of user model misses much of the richness desired in user modeling because user interests typically do not fall into neat categories.
Feature-based recommendation is a form of user modeling that considers multiple aspects of a product. For example, a person may like movies that have the features of action-adventure, rated R (but not G), and have a good critic review of B+ or higher (or 3 stars or higher). Such a multiple-feature classifier such as a neural network can capture the complexity of user preferences if the interest is rich enough. Text-based recommendation is a rich form of feature-based recommendation. Text-based documents can be characterized using, for example, vector-space methods. Thus, documents containing the same frequencies of words can be grouped together or clustered. Presumably, if a user selects one document in a particular cluster, the user is likely to want to read other documents in that same cluster.
However, it would be advantageous to provide a user with a personalization experience that generates positive perceptions and responses that encourage users to want to use the personalization service, while avoiding those negative perceptions that would discourage users from using the system, in an unintrusive manner so that the user can view content in a manner with which they are already familiar. Positive perceptions from the point of view of a user include, easily developing a profile, easily viewing third party profiles, and easily viewing potentially interesting content.Spas and hot tubs have long been utilized by people for relaxation and physical therapy. To allow for optimal enjoyment and utilization of a spa or hot tub it is desirable that dirt, leaves and other types of debris be prevented from falling into the water to the greatest extent possible. Additionally, since spas and hot tubs are heated in normal use, it is desirable to reduce as much as possible the heat loss from the heated water to the surrounding atmosphere. A reduction of heat loss results in a reduction of the spa owner's energy bill to heat the spa.
To address the problems of debris in the water and heat loss, spa owners have long utilized covers for their spas. The spa covers are generally sized and configured to completely cover the spa. To prevent or reduce heat loss, they are typically formed of an insulating material, such as foam, encased within a waterproof cover. Commonly, the covers are formed of two half sections connected by a folding seam or joint formed in the waterproof cover. This construction allows one half of the cover to be folded back on the other half when removing the cover from the spa. Although, satisfactorily dealing with the problems of debris and heat loss, the spa covers created a new problem due to their size and bulkiness. Spas and hot tubs commonly have diameters of up to eight (8) feet or more. Covers large enough to cover spas of this size create problems in terms of removal of the cover to allow access to the spa and storage or placement of the cover once it is removed. Due to their size and weight, it frequently requires two individuals to remove the spa cover without it dragging on the ground. When the spa covers come into contact with the ground they potentially can pick up debris and their useful life span can be severely shortened due to undesired wear and tear on the cover.
Prior attempts to deal with the problem of handling of the spa covers have been directed towards devices which still require excessive effort on the part of the individual user or designs limited in application to a specific spa cover. Prior devices are illustrated in U.S. Pat. No. 4,991,238 to Forrest and U.S. Pat. No. 4,857,374 to Perry.
The Forrest patent, U.S. Pat. No. 4,991,238 is directed to a device which is mounted on the side of the spa enclosure. This device requires that an open space equal to at least one half the diameter of the spa cover be provided on the side of the spa upon which the device is mounted. It also requires that the spa user push or pull the spa cover off of the spa and onto the device. In addition to problems of space constraint, the Forrest device also presents problems to the elderly or to small individuals who are unable to handle the spa cover without the assistance of another individual.
The Perry patent, U.S. Pat. No. 4,857,374 is directed to a spa/hot tub cover which is utilized in connection with a gas spring apparatus to assist in the lifting of the spa cover. The device of the Perry patent is not adjustable and can only be used in connection with a particular spa cover. As illustrated in Perry, the spa cover is hinged to the spa frame and the gas spring assembly is rigidly fastened to the side of the spa cover. This type of construction requires a special plastic cover or layer on the waterproof cover to provide the rigidity necessary for a durable connection.
Given the shortcomings of these prior devices, a need exists for a spa cover lifting apparatus which can be mounted on the spa or spa frame without regard to external space available about the spa. A need also exists for a spa cover lifting apparatus which can be utilized with a variety of spa covers and does not require any external connections between the spa cover and the spa frame or rigid connections between the apparatus and the cover.Since the advent of emissions standards for internal combustion engines for cars, trucks, and other vehicles, emissions of hydrocarbons (HC), carbon monoxide (CO), and nitrogen oxides (NO.sub.x) have markedly declined. This decline has been brought about through the use of a variety of techniques including electronic fuel injection (EFI), electronic (computerized) engine control (EEC), and the use of a variety of catalytic converters to oxidize hydrocarbons and carbon monoxide, and to reduce NO.sub.x to nitrogen. However, increasingly more stringent emissions standards, particularly those promulgated by the California Air Control Board, require still further emissions reductions over extended periods of engine operation.
For example, California's ULEV emissions levels of 0.04 g/mile HC, 1.7 g/mile CO, and 0.2 g/mile NO.sub.x ; or the European Stage III requirements of 0.1 g/Km HC, 1.5 g/Km CO, and 0.1 g/Km NO.sub.x are difficult to meet with current equipment, and yet more difficult to sustain over 50,000 mile and 100,000 mile use periods. During emissions testing, a considerable amount of total emissions occur during engine warm-up after a room temperature soak. During this time period, the emissions-reducing catalysts located in the catalytic converter(s) are largely ineffectual due to the fact that they have not reached a temperature at which significant catalytic activity can be maintained (light-off). Thus, particular attempts have been made to decrease emissions during engine warm-up.
Among the devices used to decrease cold-start emissions are electrically heated catalysts to ensure rapid light-off; exhaust system burners, either EGI or fuel burners; close-coupled catalysts, and cold start spark retard and enleanment (CSSRE) or hydrocarbon traps. The first four of these are means of more rapidly heating the exhaust catalyst, thus reducing the light-off time and resultant cold-start emissions. The last are means of collecting hydrocarbons prior to exiting the system, and reusing them as fuel. In general, the above devices require additional hardware, packaging space, and cost.
For example, U.S. Pat. No. 5,349,816 discloses an internal combustion engine having a closely coupled catalyst to reduce HC and further downstream catalysts for reducing NO.sub.x. The first catalyst is active during warm-up, following which a flapper valve bypasses the first catalyst, directing the exhaust exclusively to the downstream catalysts. The use of the electronically controlled flapper valve adds to component cost as well as introducing additional components capable of failure into the vehicle. The closely coupled catalyst is used during cold-start only, representing a non-economical application of expensive catalyst components.
In U.S. Pat. No. 5,332,554, a two-stage catalytic converter is disclosed, the first converter containing an unspecified pretreatment catalyst, the second converter having multiple monolithic catalyst elements, a first element having deposited on its upstream end a multi-layer platinum/palladium catalyst containing 0.35 g/l to 1.0 g/l (9.9 g/ft.sup.3 to 28.3 g/ft.sup.3) of palladium. Located further downstream is a further oxidizing catalyst. The necessity for a pretreatment catalyst increases the cost and complexity of the system. The U.S. Pat. No. 5,332,554 system is not believed capable of meeting upcoming, more stringent emissions standards.
In U.S. Pat. No. 5,179,059 are disclosed catalysts having improved light-off behavior prepared by impregnating active aluminum oxide, containing customary promoters, with platinum, palladium, and rhodium, followed by associating the precious metal catalysts with up to five times their mass of base metal. Amounts of palladium of c.a. 6.5 g/ft.sup.3 are disclosed.
It has also been proposed to further lower hydrocarbon emissions by injection of air into the exhaust stream by engine-driven or electrically driven air pump. For example, U.S. Pat. No. 5,410,872 discloses supplying air to maintain a stoichiometric increase in oxygen in the range of 0.5 to 1.5 volume percent excess oxygen. However, addition of air during cold-start conditions has the effect of reducing the temperature of the exhaust gases, thus increasing the time for catalyst light-off.
It would be desirable to provide a catalyst system which is capable of meeting ultra-low emissions levels by lowering cold-start emissions without the use of active components such as electrical heaters, fuel burners, flapper valves, and the like. It would be desirable, also, to minimize the light-off of such catalyst systems by employing a cold-start, light-off-assisting engine strategy. It would be further desirable to lower emissions through the optional use of air injection without significantly delaying catalyst light-off. It would be yet further desirable to maintain lowered emissions during warmed-up engine operation by eliminating spikes and break-through of CO and HC during this phase of engine operation.The present disclosure relates generally to a system and a method for enhancing security printing.
Product labeling and security packaging are important components of brand protection, product tracking and authenticating, as well as of anti-counterfeiting initiatives. Such labels/packages must be authorized (i.e., access to them should be privileged), authenticable (e.g., containing encoded/encrypted information that can be decoded/decrypted for security purposes), and unique (i.e., differentiable from any other printed material). In an effort to create such labels/packages, a unique ID, in the form of, for example, a deterrent or mark may be added. Furthermore, measures are often taken to enhance the probability that the product cannot be counterfeited, for example, by making the packaging or labels difficult and/or time consuming to replicate and/or by using variable data printing (VDP).Retailers routinely display articles of merchandise, such as telephones, portable computers (e.g. notebooks, laptops, tablets, etc.), e-readers, media players, and the like for customers to evaluate before making a purchase. These articles of merchandise are continually being made smaller and lighter in weight due to advances in technology and materials. As a result, such merchandise is increasingly vulnerable and susceptible to theft. At the same time, the retail price, and hence the profit margin, for such merchandise continues to decline. Accordingly, these articles of merchandise need to be secured by a security device that effectively and cost efficiently protects the merchandise from theft.
It is common in the field of retail merchandise security to tether electronic devices to a store fixture to prevent theft, yet still allowing a customer to interact with the device. The retailers and their customers want these tethers to be as unobtrusive as possible, making smaller diameter tethers desirable. One problem with keeping tether size small is the number of conductors needed to supply power and sensing signals. Typically, a plurality of conductors is needed to provide both power and security. As a result, reducing the number of conductors while maintaining necessary functionality and security can be challenging.1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates in general to stringed musical instruments, and pertains more particularly, to an improved light-weight stringed instrument, particularly a light-weight guitar. Moreover, the present invention relates to the construction and associated method of fabrication of a light-weight stringed musical instrument. Furthermore, the present invention is directed to improved transducer systems for stringed musical instruments.
2. Background Discussion
Although attempts have been made at constructing light-weight musical instruments, particularly light-weight guitars, these efforts have not been totally successful, particularly in constructing guitars of weights on the order of 5 pounds or less. Fabrication techniques have tended to be complex and time consuming and in some instances the costs have been prohibitive. Also, similar problems are encountered in connection with transducers for such stringed instruments. They have tended to be complex, cumbersome, difficult to fabricate and relatively costly.
Accordingly, it is an object of the present invention to provide an improved, and in particular a light-weight, stringed musical instrument. The construction of the present invention is in particular adapted for fabrication of guitars.
Another object of the present invention is to provide a method of fabrication of stringed musical instruments. This method of manufacture is also adapted to in particular provide for the construction of a light-weight instrument.
A further object of the present invention is to provide an improved transducer system for use with stringed musical instruments and in particular for use in conjunction with the fabrication of a light-weight guitar.
Still another object of the present invention is to provide an improved piezoelectric-type transducer for stringed musical instruments, and one that is in particular of simple and light-weight construction while at the same time having substantially improved response.
Still another object of the present invention is to provide an improved fret construction for a stringed musical instrument.
Another object of the present invention is to provide an improved neck construction for a stringed musical instrument, and one in which signal coupling is attainable from individual frets supported on the neck.The invention relates to a cooling body having an upper part, a lower part and lugs that are attached with material-to-material binding to at least one inside surface of the upper and lower parts, project into the cooling medium and are separated by channels.
German patent DE 40 17 749 discloses a cooling body assembled from an upper and a lower half, and in which lugs are disposed, with material-to-material bonding, on the inside surface of such a half, perpendicularly in the flow path of the cooling medium.
The problem of an arrangement of this type is that the heat dissipation of some components on the outside surfaces of the cooling body is inhomogeneous. The flow path is short-circuited between the cooling-medium inlet and the cooling-medium outlet. Therefore, hot zones form on the outside surfaces. The heat resistance of the arrangement of DE 40 17 749 is also high, approximately 30 K/kW, which leads to overheating of the cooling medium.Hierarchical structures of fine fibrils on insect's feet induce strong molecular forces and provide extraordinary adhesive strength, enabling them to support large loads. Such dry adhesion allows, for example, the gecko's locomotion on slippery surfaces against gravity as well as firmly attach onto and detach with ease from rough substrates. Presently, polymer micro/nano fibrillar dry adhesives are known to be made using micro/nano fabrication processes. These techniques are common in microfabrication and often require expensive equipment and are costly to implement on a commercial scale.
This invention makes use of a drastically different approach to manufacture flexible, fibrillar, and adhesive microprotrusion and adhesive laid-flat membranes by scalable nozzle-free electrospinning, which presents novel approaches to fabricating dry, removable, reusable adhesives on substrates. The invention differs drastically from other disclosed technologies, which are based on the use of aligned carbon nanotubes, photolithography, chemical etching, and time-consuming batch micro/nano molding processes. The new methodology offers advantages of significantly lower costs and easier scale-up, which will replace the more expensive approaches such as micro/nano fabrication process. Introduction of nozzleless electrospinning polymer blending and equal-channel angular pressing will combine processing stages such as solution preparation, spinning and spin-finish in one production line, significantly reducing processing time and costs.
Although some of these spinning methodologies are known in the art, one of the inventors, Shing-Chung Wong, led the first group to examine electrospun nanofibers and membranes for their adhesion strength and energy and thus their applications as dry adhesives. Measurement of Adhesion Work of Electrospun Polymer Membrane by Shaft-Loaded Blister Test, Langmuir Vol. 28 (2012) 6677-6683; A Nano-Cheese-Cutter to Directly Measure Interfacial Adhesion of Freestanding Nano-Fibers, Journal of Applied Physics Vol. 111, (2012); Mechanism of Adhesion Between Polymer Fibers at Nanoscale Contacts, Langmuir Vol. 28 (2012) 4663-4671; and Do Electrospun Polymer Fibers Stick?, Langmuir, Vol. 26 (2010) 14188-14193.
An adhesive is a kind of material that can bond items together. Adhesives are typically liquid or semi-liquid, with the earliest adhesives being made of natural materials, such as tree sap, beeswax, tar and etc. Advances in the science and understanding of adhesive mechanisms have led to more and more adhesive formulations. Today's adhesives can be classified in many different ways, generally by their bonding mechanism, with three major categories including: physically hardening adhesives, chemically curing adhesives and pressure sensitive adhesives.
Physically hardening adhesives are non-reactive adhesives, and they are in their final chemical state before applying to surface. Only polymers that can be liquefied, either melt or dissolved, can be used for physical hardening adhesives. Physically hardening adhesives provide a wide range of adhesive properties, generally good bond flexibility, and are used in a variety of applications.
There are three major types of hardening adhesives: (i) hot melts, (ii) solvent based adhesives and (iii) polymer dispersion adhesives. Most of the hot melt adhesives are thermoplastics, which can be applied in molten form in the range of 65° C.-180° C. They can be solidified in room temperature to form strong bonding with various materials. Ethylene-vinyl acetate (EVA) is a particularly common hot melt adhesive. EVA possesses good physical properties, such as good clarity, low-temperature toughness, stress-crack resistance, water resistance, UV resistance etc. Solvent based adhesives build strength through the evaporation of the solvent. The performance of solvent-based adhesives is largely determined by the polymer system in the formulation. The choice of adhesive type depends on the specific substrates and environmental resistance needed—temperature resistance, oil and plasticizer resistance, etc. Polymer dispersion adhesives are typically formulated from compounds including vinyl acetate polymers and copolymers (PVAC), ethylene vinyl acetate (EVA), acrylics, styrene-butadiene rubber (SBR), natural rubber latex and synthetic elastomers, and polyurethane (PUR). These adhesives are heterogeneous systems comprising a solid polymer phase dispersed in an aqueous phase.
One of the major advantages is the absence of VOC's. For many water based adhesives, it is a requirement that at least one of the substrates be permeable to allow water to escape from the system. It is not surprising, then, that these materials have found wide use in bonding wood, paper, fabrics, leather and other porous substrates.
Chemically curing adhesives are reactive materials that require chemical reaction to convert them from liquid to solid. Generally they can be classified in to single component adhesives and two component adhesives. Single component adhesives have pre-mixed adhesive components which are blocked normally. Only when the required condition was met, they will activate the hardener. These conditions could be heat, moisture, radiation, etc. Two component adhesives have two reactive components which can form solid systems after mixing them. The most widely used two component adhesives include epoxies, methyl methacrylates (MMA), silicones, etc.
Cyanoacrylates are known for their “instant” bonding to most surfaces. When a drop of cyanoacrylate adhesive is put on the surface of a part, the acid stabilizer molecules react with the water molecules present on the surface of the part from the relative humidity in the air. The reaction of the water and acid causes the acid stabilizer to be neutralized. The cyanoacrylate molecules then react with each other and form polymer chains without cross-linking. Cyanoacrylates can bond most types of glass, plastics and metals, and has broad application in optics, microelectronics, transportations and medical industries, etc.
Single-component epoxy adhesives include solvent-free liquid resins, solutions in solvent, liquid resin pastes, fusible powders, sticks, pellets and paste, supported and unsupported films, and preformed shapes to fit a particular joint. Two-component epoxy adhesives are usually composed of the resin and the curing agent, which are mixed just prior to use. The components may be liquids, putties, or liquid and hardener powder. They may also contain plasticizers, reactive diluents, fillers, and resinous modifiers. The processing conditions are determined by the curing agent employed.
Typical cure conditions range from 3 h at 60° C. to 20 min at 100° C. Epoxy adhesives form strong bonds to most materials, in addition to excellent cohesive strength, but are not reusable and irremovable, and residue is left on cohesively fractured surfaces. Epoxies yield good to excellent bonds to steel, aluminum, brass, copper, and most other metals but are brittle and fracture usually with cohesive failure mode.
Pressure sensitive adhesives (PSA's) are most used in tape and label industry. PSA's are typically formulated from natural rubber, certain synthetic rubbers, and polyacrylates. PSA's form a bond simply by the application of pressure to marry the adhesive with the adherend. Once the adhesive and the adherend are in proximity, there are also molecular interactions such as van der Waals forces involved in the bond, which contribute significantly to the ultimate bond strength. PSA's exhibit viscoelastic (viscous and elastic) properties, both of which are used for proper bonding. Pressure sensitive adhesives are designed with a balance between flow and resistance to flow. The bond forms because the adhesive is soft enough to flow the adherend. The bond has strength because the adhesive is hard enough to resist flow when stress is applied to the bond. Since these adhesives are not true solids, the strength of pressure sensitive adhesives decreases when the temperature is increased. PSA's also exhibit a tendency to undergo creep when subjected to loads.
There is a growing demand in the art of removable, reusable and dry adhesives. Typically, dry reusable adhesives produce substantial shear adhesion strengths but significantly lower normal lifting forces, giving rise to high anisotropic adhesion properties. Dry adhesives with anisotropic force distribution may find potential use in several applications such as tapes, fasteners, treads of wall-climbing robots, wall-climbing suits, microelectronics, and medical and space applications.
Dry adhesives have been fabricated using polymers, which has resulted in high shear adhesion strength, by forming tens of millions of contact points between adhesive and adherend. Carbon nanotube (CNT) based arrays possess a shear adhesion strength as high as 100 N/cm2 on a glass slide. These arrays have high aspect ratios and mechanical strengths. However, a significant normal preload of 50 N/cm2 is required to achieve this shear adhesion force. CNT arrays have considerable limitations including being electrically conductive for applications necessitating electrically insulating adhesives. These arrays also possess a low ratio of shear adhesion strength to normal detachment strength (V) which limits their range of applications.
Hierarchical pillars have been fabricated in polydimethysiloxane where the top rounded pillars are 10 μm in diameter with aspect ratios ranging between 0.5 and 2. The base pillars are 200 μm in length and 50 μm in diameter. Hierarchical nanofiber-based structures have been developed using polymethylmethacrylate by chronologically employing two porous alumina templates. The adhesion strength in this hierarchical structure is also severely low. The heavily packed pillars cause clumping in the structure, which is suggested to lead to this deteriorated adhesion. None of the prior art made use of fiber spinning methodologies to form the adhesives.
High aspect ratio (AR) structures exhibit significant shear adhesion strength compared to ones with low AR's. Various techniques have been employed to fabricate moderate AR structures including nanomolding, e-beam lithography, and replication of nanoporous membranes with polymers. The methodologies are costly to be scaled up for mass production.
Thus, there is a need in the art for improved methods of forming dry adhesives from electrospinning spinnable materials. There is also a need in the art for dry adhesives with high shear adhesion strength and low normal detachment.Inasmuch as fast room temperature curing, single component sealants and adhesives are desirable and useful, particularly in original equipment manufacturing, it is not surprising that a number of one component elastomeric sealants are now available in the marketplace. Such sealants include various polymer bases such as polysulfides, mercaptan terminated polyethers, polysiloxames and polyurethanes.
Certain industries need elastomeric adhesives or sealants which cure by exposure to ambient conditions and which will develop a high tensile strength. Applications of this type include sealing automobile windshields which are often intended as structural components in design. For these applications the elastomeric sealant or adhesive must not only have high tensile strength but should achieve such strength in a matter of a few hours so that the automobile may be safely driven shortly after installation of the windshield.
Of the various liquid elastomers available today, cured polyurethanes, in general, have the highest mechanical strength and therefore are the polymers of choice as a windshield sealant or adhesive provided that the adhesive or sealant can cure rapidly under ambient conditions without exhibiting other problems such as foaming, storage instability, depolymerization, etc..
An example of a one component, room temperature, moisture curing polyurethane sealant is disclosed in U.S. Pat. No. 3,779,794 wherein a polyurethane sealant in combination with a particular type of silane primer is disclosed. In that patent, the polyurethane sealant is an isocyanate terminated polyethylene ether diol-polypropylene ether triol combination having from 1.2 to 1.5% free isocyanate terminals. These terminals are blocked with a volatile blocking agent which, when exposed to air, evaporates and the moisture in the air cures the polyurethane. The polyurethane sealant disclosed in this patent in combination with the silane primer cures, according to the patent, to a tensile strength of 40-60 pounds per square inch (psi) after 6 hours exposure at 77.degree. F. and 30% relative humidity. Although such sealants are satisfactory in terms of ultimate elongation characteristics and the like, nevertheless, there is a need for the development of a sealant having higher early strength, i.e. 100 psi or more in a six hour period of time, with equivalent ultimate elongation.The present invention relates to a logical volume administration method and, more particularly, a method of administrating a logical unit in a disk memory apparatus.
In recent years, electronic commerce has been being rapidly spread in association with the penetration of the Internet into the market. In the electronic commerce, the user accesses a Web site of a company through the Internet to do shopping. When a physical store is newly open, people in the neighborhood notice it. In these days of a large number of Web pages in the world reaching one billion, even if a Web site is established, the possibility that no one notices it and nothing is sold is high. On the other hand, when the user uses the Web sites, there are no restrictions from a geometrical and time viewpoints. Companies can regard the people all over the world as potential customers, so that there is a big business chance. In order to improve CRM (Customer Relationship Management), some companies providing Web pages try to know their customers well even by tracing mouse clicks of the customers.
FIG. 15 is a conceptual diagram for explaining the relation between the users and a data center for collecting data of trace of user's mouse clicks to conduct CRM analysis. A number of users indicated by user 1, user 2, . . . and user N access Web serves in the data center via the Internet 1. The data center has a number of Web servers indicated by Web server 1, Web server 2, . . . and Web server M. The Web servers are connected to a disk apparatus via a disk server by using a LAN of the data center. In the disk apparatus, a Web page repository, a Web access history repository, and CRM analyzing data are distributed to proper disks and stored. To the LAN of the data center, further, CRM analyzing servers 1 and 2 are connected, a tape apparatus is connected via a tape server, and also a manager for monitoring and controlling these components is also connected.
Web pages of companies providing the Web sites are stored in the Web page repository. When the user accesses a Web server in the data center via the Internet 1, the Web server reads the Web page from the Web page repository and sends it to the user. Simultaneously, the history of the access to the Web site by the user is written to the Web access history repository. When the amount of the Web access history data exceeds a specific value, the manager transfers the Web access history data to the tape apparatus and records the data to a tape for backup. In the case of performing CRM analysis on the Web access history data, the backup data recorded on the tape is transferred from the tape apparatus to the Web access history repository. The CRM analysis is made by the CRM analyzing server by using the transferred data. The result of analysis is stored as CRM analyzing data of the disk apparatus.
Referring to FIG. 14, an example of the form of business done via a Web page will be described. As already stated with reference to FIG. 15, a number of users access Web sites to purchase products or to get service. Each of the Web sites is administered by a Web site operator who enters into a contract with each of a number of companies providing Web pages to run and maintain their Web sites. Although it is possible that the Web site operator has a storage to perform operations, usually, the Web site operator enters into a contract with a storage operator for operating a storage in order to fulfill the contract with the Web page providing companies. Further, although it is possible that the storage operator has a storage to perform operations, usually, the storage operator enters into a contract with a storage provider for providing a storage to fulfill the contract with the Web site operator.
With such a configuration, a number of users can access an arbitrary Web site. Many companies providing Web pages and Web site operator think about obtaining CRM analyzing data as information to make their Web sites utilized more effectively. A CRM analyzer for periodically providing CRM analyzing data under contract with the companies and Web site operators consequently exists. Although FIG. 15 shows those organizations as one data center, in the industry of storage dealing with an enormous amount of data, the business form in which the functions are distributed as described above is being fixed.
The amount of data stored for CRM analysis is enormous. In some companies, data increases by 1T bytes per month. A storage system is requested to provide a support function by which the operator can make capacity planning. For example, there is American storage administration software for disk arrays, by which I/O throughput of each port or each disk can be measured. By the software, for example, when I/O requests are concentrated on a certain disk, the data is reallocated to distribute the load, thereby enabling improved performance to be achieved. When it is predicted from data capacity increasing rate that a disk will become full in two months, addition of a disk can be planned. Similarly, there is another storage administration software for disk arrays, having the function of displaying disk operation information.
In recent years, the price of the disk memory apparatus has been being lowered. However, with respect to data increasing at a rate of 1T bytes per month, the disk memory apparatus is still expensive as a total. As described above, therefore, log data as stated above is stored in a cheaper memory device such as a magnetic tape. It is to be noted here that the purpose is not to store log data but to understand the users more by analyzing the log data to thereby improve the CRM. That is, the stored log data has to be analyzed. At the time of analysis, the log data has to be stored on a magnetic disk memory apparatus and has to be processed into a database record. When log data is stored into a normal relational database, the size increases by a few times. In the case where logs are stored, it is sufficient to store the log onto a magnetic tape when a disk becomes full. As a result, however, a magnetic disk of a large capacity capable of storing log data is necessary for analysis. One of the advantages of Internet shopping for the user is low price. If the CRM cost is high, it is difficult for a company to maintain a low price. Reduction in the CRM cost is one of big subjects of E-commerce companies.1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to integrated nonvolatile memory circuits (preferably integrated flash memory circuits) which apply high voltage to selected transistors during one or more operating modes (e.g., during various stages of a memory erase operation), monitor one or more selected nodes to detect an illegal condition, and generate a halt signal (for causing the halting or aborting of circuit operation) in response to detection of an illegal condition. The nonvolatile memory circuit of the invention includes logic means for asserting a halt signal in response to an illegal condition, but only following application of a high voltage to components of the circuit (if the illegal condition occurs during application of the high voltage to such components).
2. Description of Related Art
Throughout the specification, including in the claims, the term "connected" is used (in the context of an electronic component being "connected" to another electronic component) in a broad sense to denote that the components are electrically or electromagnetically coupled with sufficient strength under the circumstances. It is not used in a narrow sense requiring that an electrically conducting element is physically connected between the two components.
Nonvolatile memory chips (integrated circuits) are becoming increasingly commercially important. The present invention pertains to a method and apparatus for halting operation of a nonvolatile memory chip in response to detection of an undesired ("illegal") operating condition of the chip. In order to appreciate the invention, it will be helpful initially to describe the structure and normal operating modes of a typical nonvolatile memory chip.
A typical nonvolatile memory chip includes an array of nonvolatile memory cells, each cell comprising a transistor having a floating gate capable of semipermanent charge storage. The current drawn by each cell depends on the amount of charge stored on the corresponding floating gate. Thus, the charge stored on each floating gate determines a data value that is stored "semipermanently" in the corresponding cell.
One particularly useful type of nonvolatile memory chip includes an array of flash memory cells, with each cell comprising a flash memory device (a transistor). The charge stored on the floating gate of each flash memory device (and thus the data value stored by each cell) is erasable by appropriately changing the voltage applied to the gate and source (in a well known manner).
FIG. 1 is a simplified block diagram of a conventional nonvolatile memory chip. Integrated circuit 3 of FIG. 1 includes at least one I/O pad 30 (for asserting output data to an external device or receiving input data from an external device), input/output buffer circuit 10 for I/O pad 30, address buffers A0 through Ap for receiving memory address bits from an external device, row decoder circuit (X address decoder) 12, column multiplexer circuit (Y multiplexer) 14, and memory array 16 (comprising columns of nonvolatile memory cells, such as column 16A). Each of address buffers A0 through Ap includes an address bit pad for receiving (from an external device) a different one of address bit signals X0 through Xn and Y0 through Ym.
I/O buffer circuit 10 includes a "write" branch and a "read" branch. The write branch comprises input buffer 18. The read branch comprises sense amplifier 19 and output buffer 20. Chip 3 executes a write operation by receiving data (to be written to memory array 16) from an external device at I/O pad 30, buffering the data in the write branch, and then writing the data to the appropriate memory cell. Chip 3 can also be controlled to execute a read operation in which it amplifies and buffers data (that has been read from array 16) in the read branch, and then assert this data to I/O pad 30.
Although only one I/O pad (pad 30) is shown in FIG. 1, typical implementations of the FIG. 1 circuit include a plurality of I/O pads, and each I/O pad is buffered by an I/O buffer circuit similar or identical to circuit 10. For example, one implementation of the FIG. 1 circuit includes eight I/O pads, eight buffer circuits identical to circuit 10, one line connected between the output of the output buffer 20 of each buffer circuit and one of the I/O pads (so that eight data bits can be read in parallel from buffers 20 to the pads), and one line connected between the input of the input buffer 18 of each buffer circuit and one of the I/O pads (so that eight data bits can be written in parallel from the pads to buffers 18). Each I/O pad (including I/O pad 30) typically has high impedance when the output buffer is not enabled.
Each of the cells (storage locations) of memory array circuit 16 is indexed by a row index (an "X" index determined by decoder circuit 12) and a column index (a "Y" index output determined by decoder circuit 14). FIG. 2 is a simplified schematic diagram of two columns of cells of memory array 16 (with one column, e.g., the column on the right, corresponding to column 16A of FIG. 1). The column on the left side of FIG. 2 comprises "n" memory cells, each cell implemented by one of floating-gate N-channel transistors N1, N3, . . . , Nn. The drain of each of transistors N1-Nn is connected to bitline 13, and the gate of each is connected to a different wordline (a different one of wordline 0 through wordline n). The column on the right side of FIG. 2 also comprises "n" memory cells, each cell implemented by one of floating-gate N-channel transistors N2, N4, . . . , Nm. The drain of each of transistors N2-Nm is connected to bitline 15, and the gate of each is connected to a different wordline (a different one of wordline 0 through wordline n). The source of each of transistors N1, N3, . . . , Nn, and N2, N4, . . . , Nm is held at a source potential (which is usually ground potential for the chip during a program or read operation).
In the case that each memory cell is a nonvolatile memory cell, each of transistors N1, N3, . . . , Nn, and N2, N4, . . . , Nm has a floating gate capable of semipermanent charge storage. The current drawn by each cell (i.e., by each of transistors N1, N3, . . . , Nn, and N2, N4, . . . , Nm) depends on the amount of charge stored on the corresponding floating gate. Thus, the charge stored on each floating gate determines a data value that is stored "semipermanently" in the corresponding cell. In cases in which each of transistors N1, N3, . . . , Nn, N2, N4, . . . , and Nm is a flash memory device (as indicated in FIG. 2 by the symbol employed to denote each of transistors N1, N3, . . . , Nn, N2, N4, . . . , and Nm), the charge stored on the floating gate of each is erasable (and thus the data value stored by each cell is erasable) by appropriately changing the voltage applied to the gate and source (in a well known manner).
In response to address bits Y0-Ym, circuit 14 (of FIG. 1) determines a column address which selects one of the columns of memory cells of array 16 (connecting the bitline of the selected column to Node 1 of FIG. 1), and in response to address bits X0-Xn, circuit 12 (of FIG. 1) determines a row address which selects one cell in the selected column. Consider an example in which the column address selects the column on the right side of FIG. 2 (the column including bitline 15) and the row address selects the cell connected along wordline 0 (the cell comprising transistor N2). To read the data value stored in the selected cell, a signal (a current signal) indicative of such value is provided from the cell's drain (the drain of transistor N2, in the example), through bitline 15 and circuit 14, to node 1 of FIG. 1. To write a data value to the selected cell, a signal indicative of such value is provided to the cell's gate and drain (the gate and drain of transistor N2, in the example).
More specifically, the FIG. 1 circuit executes a write operation as follows. Each of address buffers A0 through An asserts one of bits X0-Xn to decoder circuit 12, and each of address buffers An+1 through Ap asserts one of bits Y0-Ym to decoder circuit 14. In response to these address bits, circuit 14 determines a column address (which selects one of the columns of memory cells of array 16, such as column 6A), and circuit 12 determines a row address (which selects one cell in the selected column). In response to a write command (which can be supplied from control unit 29, or other circuitry not shown in FIG. 1), a signal (indicative of data) present at the output of input buffer 18 is asserted through circuit 14 to the cell of array 16 determined by the row and column address (e.g., to the drain of such cell). During such write operation, output buffer 20 may be disabled. A data latch (not shown) is typically provided between input buffer 18 and I/O pad 30 for storing data (to be written to a memory cell) received from I/O pad 30. When the latched data is sent to input buffer 18, input buffer 18 produces a voltage at Node 1 which is applied to the selected memory cell. Input buffer 18 is typically implemented as a tri-statable driver having an output which can be placed in a high impedance mode (and thus disabled) during a read operation. In some implementations, the functions of the latch and input buffer 18 are combined into a single device.
The FIG. 1 circuit executes a read operation as follows. Each of address buffers A0 through An asserts one of bits X0-Xn to address decoder circuit 12, and each of address buffers An+1 through Ap asserts one of bits Y0-Ym to address decoder circuit 14. In response to these address bits, circuit 14 asserts a column address to memory array 16 (which selects one of the columns of memory cells, such as column 16A), and circuit 12 asserts a row address to memory array 16 (which selects one cell in the selected column). In response to a read command (supplied from control unit 29, or from other circuitry not shown in FIG. 1), a current signal indicative of a data value stored in the cell of array 16 (a "data signal") determined by the row and column address is supplied from the drain of the selected cell through the bitline of the selected cell and then through circuit 14 to sense amplifier 19. This data signal is processed in amplifier 19 (in a manner to be described below), and the output of amplifier 19 is buffered in output buffer 20 and finally asserted at I/O pad 30.
When reading a selected cell of array 16, if the cell is in an erased state, the cell will conduct a first current which is converted to a first voltage in sense amplifier 19. If the cell is in a programmed state, it will conduct a second current which is converted to a second voltage in sense amplifier 19 (the "second current" flowing through a programmed cell is negligibly small when the cell is read by a typical, conventional read operation). Sense amplifier 19 determines the state of a cell (i.e., whether it is programmed or erased corresponding to a binary value of 0 or 1, respectively) by comparing the voltage indicative of the cell state to a reference voltage. The outcome of this comparison is an output which is either high or low (corresponding to a binary value of one or zero) which sense amplifier 19 sends to output buffer 20, which in turn asserts a corresponding data signal to I/O pad 30 (from which it can be accessed by an external device).
Nonvolatile memory chip 3 of FIG. 1 can also execute an erase operation in which all or selected ones of the cells of memory array 16 are erased in response to a sequence of one or more commands (e.g., an "Erase Setup" command followed by an "Erase Confirm" command), by discharging a quantity of charge stored on the floating gate of each cell. Typically, all cells of array 16 or large blocks of such cells are erased at the same or substantially the same time during an erase operation. Each erase operation comprises a sequence of steps, including "verification" steps for verifying that the cells have desired threshold voltages at each of one or more stages of the erase operation.
More specifically, if cells of memory array 16 of FIG. 1 are to be erased, an "Erase Setup" command and then an "Erase Confirm" command are sent from an external device to I/O pad 30. Where each such command comprises parallel bits, the different bits are sent in parallel to I/O pad 30 and to additional I/O pads identical to I/O pad 30. The command is transferred from I/O pad 30 (or from I/O pad 30 and additional I/O pads) to input buffer 18 (or input buffer 18 and input buffers connected to the other I/O pads), and then to control unit 29. Control unit 29, which typically includes command execution logic and a state machine, processes the command to generate instruction data, and supplies the instruction data to circuit 14 and sense amplifier 19 (and to other components of memory chip 3 of FIG. 1) to cause chip 3 to execute a sequence of steps required for erasing the specified cells of array 16. These steps include verification steps (e.g., the verification step discussed below with reference to FIG. 5) for verifying that one or more of the cells have desired threshold voltages at each of one or more stages of the erase operation.
During each verification step, verification data (denoted as "RAW VERIFY OK" in FIG. 1) is output from AND gate 22 (in response to the output of sense amplifier 19). This verification data can be fed back to control unit 29. Typically, an external device polls output pads of chip 3 in order to determine whether the erase operation has been completed and whether the erase operation was successful.
More specifically, during verification, the output of sense amplifier 19 is "Anded" with a verification enable signal. I.e., the output of sense amplifier 19 is supplied to one input of AND gate 22, verification enable signal "VERIFY ENABLE" is supplied to the other input of AND gate 22, and the AND gate 22 outputs the signal "RAW VERIFY OK". The signal RAW VERIFY OK is asserted to a state machine (e.g., a state machine within control unit 29) to trigger execution of the next chip operation. The level of signal VERIFY ENABLE is a logical "1" only during each verification cycle. Thus, if the sense amplifier output becomes valid (i.e., a logical "1") at any instant during a verification operation, the signal RAW VERIFY OK is a logical "1" at a corresponding instant (and this instantaneous value of RAW VERIFY OK can cause the state machine to trigger execution of the appropriate chip operation.
A conventional memory erase operation is next described in greater detail with reference to FIG. 3. FIG. 3 is a block diagram of a conventional flash memory integrated circuit 103 (also referred to herein as "system" 103) which is a variation on memory chip 3 of FIG. 1 which performs the same functions as does chip 3. The components of flash memory system 103 which correspond to components of memory chip 3 of FIG. 1 are identified by the same reference numerals as in FIG. 1. Memory array 16 of system 103 consists of flash memory cells arranged in rows and columns with there being a total of 256K of eight bit words in the array. The individual cells (not depicted) are addressed by eighteen address bits (A0-A17), with nine bits being used by X decoder circuit 14 to select the row of array 16 in which the target cell is located and the remaining nine bits being used by Y decoder circuit 14A (of Y-multiplexer 14) to select the appropriate columns of array 16.
Internal state machine 120 (a component of control unit 29 of system 103) controls detailed operations of system 103 such as the various individual steps necessary for carrying out cell programming, reading and erasing operations. State machine 120 thus functions to reduce the overhead required of the processor (not depicted) typically used in association with system 103.
In order for memory array 16 to be erased (typically, all or large blocks of the cells are erased at the same time), the processor must cause Output Enable (OE) pin to be inactive (high), and Chip Enable (CE) pin and Write Enable (WE or "-WE") pin to be active (low). The processor can then issue an 8 bit command 20H (0010 0000) on data I/O pins DQ0-DQ7, typically called an Erase Setup command (one of I/O pins DQ0-DQ7 corresponds to I/O pad 30 of FIG. 1). This is followed by issuance of a second eight bit command D0H (1101 0000), typically called an Erase Confirm command. Two separate commands are used so as to minimize the possibility of an inadvertent erase operation.
The commands are transferred to data input buffer 122 (input buffer 18 of FIG. 1 corresponds to a component of buffer 122 which receives one bit of each command) and the commands are then transferred to command execution logic unit 124. Logic unit 124 then instructs state machine 120 to perform all of the numerous and well known steps for erasing array 16. Once the erase sequence is completed, state machine 120 updates an 8 bit status register 126, the contents of which are transferred to data output buffer 128 which is connected to data I/O pins DQ0-DQ7 of the memory system (output buffer 20 of FIG. 1 corresponds to a component of buffer 128 which receives one bit from register 126). The processor will periodically poll the data I/O pins to read the contents of status register 126 in order to determine whether the erase sequence has been completed and whether it has been completed successfully.
FIGS. 4A and 4B are a flow chart showing a typical erase sequence as it is carried out by state machine 120. It should be noted that during any erase operation, there is a possibility that one or more cells of array 16 will become what is termed "overerased". The objective of the erase sequence is to erase all the cells of array 16 so that the threshold voltages are all within a specified voltage range. That range is typically a small positive voltage range such as +1.5 to +3.0 volts. If the erased cells fall within this range, the cell to be read (the "selected" or "target" cell) will produce a cell current in a read operation. The presence of cell current flow indicates that the cell is in an erased state (logic "1") rather than a programmed state (logic "0"). Cell current is produced in an erased cell because the voltage applied to the control gate of the cell, by way of the word line from the array connected to X decoder 12, will exceed the threshold voltage of the erased cell by a substantial amount. In addition, cells which are not being read ("deselected" cells) are prevented from producing a cell current even if such cells have been erased to a low threshold voltage state. By way of example, for cells located in the same row as the selected cell, by definition, share the same word line as the selected cell. However, the drains of the deselected cells will be floating thereby preventing a cell current from being generated. Deselected cells in the same column will not conduct cell current because the word lines of such deselected cells are typically grounded. Thus, the gate-source voltage of these cells will be insufficient to turn on these deselected cells even if they are in an erased state.
Once array 16 has been erased, the vast majority of its cells will have a proper erased threshold voltage. However, it is possible that a few (or even one) of the cells may have responded differently to the erase sequence and such cell(s) have become overerased. If a cell has been overerased, the net charge on the floating gate will be positive. The result will be that the threshold voltage will be negative to some extent. Thus, when the word line connected to such overerased deselected cell is grounded, the deselected cell will nevertheless conduct current. This current will interfere with the reading of the selected cell thereby preventing proper memory operation. A principal objective of the erase sequence of FIGS. 4A and 4B is to prevent the overerase condition from occurring.
With reference again to the FIG. 4A and 4B flow chart, the erase sequence is initiated (step 28) by the issuance of the two above-noted erase commands. Once the commands have been received by command execution logic 124 (shown in FIG. 3), state machine 120 will first cause all cells of array 16 to be programmed. This is done so that all cells are in essentially the same condition when they are subsequently erased, which reduces the likelihood that one or more of the cells will become overerased since all of the cells will have an increased tendency to respond to the subsequent erase sequence in the same manner. After step 28, an address counter (component 118 of FIG. 3) is initialized (as indicated by block 30) to the first address of the memory. Next, as indicated by block 32, the voltages used for programming are set to the proper level (including by providing high voltage Vpp, e.g. equal to +12 volts, from Vpp switch 121 of FIG. 3 to X and Y decoders 12 and 14A and other components of FIG. 3).
When switch 121 is in a state in which it provides high voltage Vpp to X decoder 12, Y decoder 14A, and other components of FIG. 3, the signal "High V" output from switch 121 is at a high (logical "one") level. Otherwise, the signal "High V" output from switch 121 is at a low (logical "zero") level.
Once the voltages are set, an internal program pulse counter (not depicted) is initialized as shown by block 34 of FIG. 4A. This counter will keep track of the number of programming pulses that have been applied to the cells of the word (byte) being programmed. Next, a programming pulse is applied to the cells of the word located at the first address of the memory, as indicated by block 36. The pulse counter is then incremented (block 38) and a determination is made as to whether a predetermined maximum number of pulses have been applied to the cells (block 40). If that is the case, the cells are read to determine whether the cells have, in fact, been programmed (verification operation 42). This is accomplished using sense amplifiers and associated components represented by block 100 of FIG. 3.
If the cells are still not programmed at this point, there has been a failure since he maximum number of programming pulses has been exceeded. Depending upon the particular memory, the sequence will be terminated or a record of the failed word will be made and the sequence continued. This information will then be transferred to status register 126 (FIG. 3) so that it can be read by the processor. One potential cause of such a failure is that the memory endurance may have been exceeded. In other words, the memory has been cycled too many times.
Assuming that the maximum count has not been exceeded, the byte is verified as indicated by operation 44. If the byte has not been programmed, a further programming pulse is applied (block 36) and the counter is incremented (block 38). Assuming that the maximum count has still not been exceeded, the byte is again verified (operation 44). This sequence will continue until the byte finally passes the verification test or until the pulse counter is at the maximum.
Assuming that the first byte is eventually successfully programmed, a determination is made as to whether the last address of array 16 has been programmed (step 46). If that is not the case, address counter 118 (of FIG. 3) is incremented to the second address (block 48) and the internal pulse counter reset (block 34). A first programming pulse is applied to the byte of the second address (block 36) and the sequence is repeated. This process will continue until all cells of array 16 have either been programmed or until a determination is made that there is a programming failure.
Assuming that all of the cells have been successfully programmed and verified, state machine 120 will continue the erase sequence by setting the appropriate voltages used for erasing, including the initialization of the address counter 118 (block 49 of FIG. 4B) and the setup of the appropriate voltages for erasing, including voltage Vpp (block 50).
Next, an internal erase pulse counter is reset (block 52) and a single erase pulse is applied (block 54) to all of the cells of array 16 (or to the block of the array being erased in the event that capability is provided). The cells of array 16 will then be sequentially read (erase verification step 58) in order to determine whether all cells have been successfully erased. Before step 58, the conditions necessary for erase verification, namely those for cell reading, are set up (block 56) and the first cell of array 16 is read.
A single erase pulse is almost never sufficient to accomplish an erasure so that the test (step 58) will almost always fail. The state of the erase pulse counter is then examined (step 60) and a determination is made that the maximum count has not been exceeded. Accordingly, a second erase pulse is applied to the entire array 16 (step 54) and the first byte is again tested (step 58).
Once the byte has received a sufficient number of erase pulses and has passed the verification test (step 58), the address is incremented (block 60) and the second byte is tested (steps 56 and 58) to determine whether the second byte has been successfully erased. Since the cells are not always uniform, it is possible that the second byte has not be erased even though it has received the same number of erase pulses received by the first byte. In that event, a further erase pulse is applied to the entire array 16 and the second byte is again tested for a proper erase. Note that the address is not reset at this point since it is not necessary to retest those bytes that have already been erased. However, there is a possibility that those earlier erased bytes will become overerased, as will be explained.
Once it has been established that the second byte has been properly erased, a determination is made as to whether the last address of array 16 has been verified (step 62). If that is not the case, address counter 118 is incremented (step 64) and the third byte is tested. Additional erase pulses will be applied if necessary. The internal erase pulse counter (step 60) will monitor the total number of erase pulses applied in the erase sequence. If a maximum number has been exceeded, the sequence will be terminated and one of the bits of status register 126 will be set to reflect that an erase error has occurred.
Assuming that the second byte of cells has been properly erased, the remaining bytes will be verified and any necessary additional erase pulses will be applied. Once the last address has been verified, the erase sequence is ended and status register 126 is updated to indicate that the erase sequence has been successfully completed.
With reference again to FIG. 3 (and to FIG. 5), memory chip 103 includes a conventional circuit 130 (shown in FIG. 3) for monitoring the status of one or more nodes of the chip. In response to detecting a condition which requires that the normal operational flow of the state machine be stopped (denoted below as an "illegal" condition), monitoring circuit 130 asserts a signal (labeled "ILLEGAL" in FIG. 3) having a high level (a logical "one") to command execution logic 124. In the absence of an illegal condition, the signal "ILLEGAL" is at a low level (a logical "zero"). In response to a high level of the signal "ILLEGAL," logic unit 124 (and in particular, logic circuitry 124A shown in FIG. 5 within unit 124) generates a halt signal (labeled "HALT" in FIG. 5) for causing the halting of circuit operation). Conventional logic circuitry 124A is typically implemented using combinational logic. Logic unit 124 asserts the halt signal to state machine 120 and optionally also to other components of chip 103. In response to the halt signal, state machine 120 halts (aborts or otherwise stops) any ongoing memory erase operation.
However, a problem can arise as a result of the described conventional technique for halt signal generation. This problem occurs when the halt signal is generated at a time when high voltage (e.g., voltage V.sub.pp) is applied across the source and drain of one or more transistors of the FIG. 3 chip.
It is well known that many typical transistors (e.g., most MOSFET transistors) can withstand high voltage (e.g., 12 volts) across their terminals. However, when a circuit attempts to switch a typical transistor (e.g., a typical NMOS or PMOS transistor) which is a component thereof by changing the voltage on the transistor's gate while a high voltage is applied across its source and drain, the well-known (and undesirable) phenomenon known as the "snap back bipolar" effect can disrupt operation of the circuit, and can also damage the transistor being switched.
For convenience, the phrase "high voltage mode" is used below to denote an operating mode of a nonvolatile memory chip in which high voltage is applied across source and drain terminals of one or more transistors of the chip (where such "high voltage" is sufficiently high to subject the transistors to the snap back bipolar effect if gates of such transistors are switched with the high voltage across their source and drain terminals). An example of such a "high voltage" is the below-discussed voltage V.sub.pp (equal to 12 volts) which is sometimes applied across PMOS or NMOS transistors within X decoder circuit 12 of FIG. 3, which voltage is much greater than the supply voltage (V.sub.cc =5.0 volts or V.sub.cc =5.5 volts) applied across the terminals of the same transistors during reads of data from memory cells of the same chip.
Also for convenience, the phrase "low voltage mode" (with reference to the same nonvolatile memory chip and the same transistors as in the definition of "high voltage mode") is used below to denote an operating mode of the chip in which "low voltage" is applied across the same terminals of the same transistors (where "low voltage" denotes a voltage, substantially lower than a "high voltage" applied across the terminals in a high voltage mode, and thus sufficiently low so as not to subject the transistors significantly to the snap back bipolar effect if the transistors are switched with the low voltage across their terminals). A typical value of "low voltage" is a supply voltage, V.sub.cc =5.5 volts, applied across the terminals of the transistors during reads of data from memory cells of the chip (where a high voltage of 12 volts is applied across the terminals of the transistors during a high voltage mode). In the example of the previous sentence, the operation of reading data from the memory cells (with V.sub.cc =5.5 volts applied across the terminals of the transistors) is a "low voltage mode" of the chip.
The above-mentioned snap back bipolar effect occurs because of a bipolar effect on a MOS device. This effect is an avalanche hole generated phenomenon which can occur in relatively short channel devices. As source-to-drain separation is reduced, some hole current can flow to the source. If the drain voltage is low, most hole current flows out the substrate terminal. However, with large drain voltages, a substantial hole current can flow to the source, and the product of current flow and substrate resistance becomes large enough (e.g., 0.6 volts) to forward bias the source-substrate junction, thereby causing electron injection into the substrate from the source. This injection leads to an "n-p-n" (source-substrate-drain) bipolar transistor action or a snap back phenomenon. The emitter-base junction of the transistor is self biased. Any current across the reverse-biased collector-base junction is multiplied by current gain .beta. of the bipolar transistor. With reference to FIG. 8 (which shows a family of "drain current" v. "drain voltage" curves, each curve for a different indicated value of gate voltage), this current multiplication results in both a negative resistance characteristic and lower voltage of the BV.sub.CEO.
If a halt signal of the type described above is generated during a high voltage mode of the FIG. 3 chip, at least some NMOS or PMOS transistors (having high voltage across their sources and drains) will be switched in the course of the chip's response to the halt signal. As a result, the snap back bipolar effect will not only disrupt operation of the chip, but may also damage each transistor that is switched during the high voltage mode with high voltage applied across its terminals.
One possible solution to this problem (the problem of damage and disruption due to switching one or more transistors during a high voltage mode) is to ignore any illegal condition and avoid generating any halt signal during a high voltage mode. However, it is impractical to implement this "solution" in a nonvolatile memory chip for the following reason.
During almost the entire duration of a memory erase operation of a nonvolatile memory chip (in which memory array cells of the chip are erased), the chip is in a high voltage mode. More specifically, as described above with reference to FIGS. 4A and 4B, an erase operation includes setup steps (such as steps 30, 32, and 34 of FIG. 4A and steps 49, 50, and 52 of FIG. 4B), programming and erasing steps (step 36 of FIG. 4A and step 54 of FIG. 4B), and verification steps (such as steps 42 and 44 of FIG. 4A and steps 56 and 58 of FIG. 4B). The chip is in a high voltage mode during the programming and erasing steps, and these steps typically consume almost the entire duration of an overall erase operation (programming step 36 typically requires on the order of ten microseconds while the setup and verification steps of FIG. 4A typically consume a total of about one microsecond, and erase step 54 typically requires on the order of tens of milliseconds while the setup and verification steps of FIG. 4B typically consume a total of about one microsecond). Thus, an undesirable consequence of operating a nonvolatile memory chip while ignoring any illegal condition that occurs (and without generating any halt signal) during a high voltage mode is that the chip could not generate a halt signal during almost the entire duration of an erase operation.-As a result, the chip would almost always fail to halt an erase operation despite the occurrence of an illegal condition during the erase operation, and it would thus be impractical to operate the chip in this manner.
Until the present invention, it had not been known to design or operate a nonvolatile memory chip so that the chip generates a halt signal (and responds to the halt signal) each time an illegal condition has occurred (whether or not the illegal condition has occurred during a high voltage mode) while also avoiding the described snap back bipolar effect problem.The present invention relates generally to a reference voltage source and more particularly to a reference voltage source that provides a plurality of reference voltages with equal step size between voltages despite loads connected to the reference voltage source.
A plurality of reference voltages with equal step size between voltages are often used in analog-to-digital converters (ADC) where an input voltage is compared to the reference voltages through comparators. Typically generated by passing a current I.sub.r through many serially connected resistors R.sub.r, as shown in FIG. 1, these reference voltages are produced at nodes or junctions between the resistors. Unfortunately, with comparators or other loads connected to the nodes, load currents I.sub.L are drawn from the nodes and these load currents in turn change the values of the reference voltages at the nodes.
One method of preventing variations in the reference voltages due to load currents is to connect an extra voltage source V.sub.o to one of the nodes, as shown in FIG. 2. However, in a typical monolithic analog-to-digital converter, a reference source that provides 64 or more different reference voltages would require many extra voltage sources to hold all the reference voltages constant. This would undesirably increase the power consumption and the cost and complexity of the circuit.
FIG. 3 shows a method of providing constant reference voltages by means of unequal resistor values. The value of each resistor is determined according to the amount of load current which the circuit designer expects to be drawn through that resistor. As a first order approximation, the value of a given resistor is equal to EQU R.sub.r *(1-n*(I.sub.L /I.sub.r))
where n represents the location of the resistor with respect to the current source. This method fails if the load current I.sub.L is different from the expected value, for example due to fluctuations in the manufacturing process, or if the load current changes with time, for example due to temperature variations. Another drawback of this method is that resistors, with values different from each other, having the required precision are much more difficult to implement, especially in integrated circuit technologies, than resistors with values equal to each other.
To reduce the reference voltage error due to the load currents, FIG. 4 shows another method which feeds in compensation currents, as described in U.S. Pat. No. 4,804,941, issued to Yoji Yoshii on Feb. 14, 1989. This method simulates and offsets the load currents I.sub.L by a complex active compensation circuit CC that is made of three current mirrors, each current mirror replicating the input currents of 64 comparators. This approach is complex and difficult to implement economically.
Various devices using the above methods have been known for a number of years, and by way of examples, forms of such devices can be found in IEEE Journal of Solid-State Circuits, Vol SC-17, No. 6, Dec. 1982, page 1133 to 1138.
It is apparent from the foregoing that there is still a need for an efficient reference voltage source that can provide a plurality of reference voltages with equal step size between voltages despite loads connected to the reference voltage source and that can be effectively and economically implemented with various fabrication technologies.Proteases are among the technically most important of all enzymes. For washing and cleaning agents they are the longest-established enzymes, contained in practically all modern high-performance washing and cleaning agents. They cause the breakdown of protein-containing stains on the material to be cleaned. Among these in turn, proteases of the subtilisin type (subtilases, subtilopeptidases, EC 3.4.21.62), which are categorized among the serine proteases because of the catalytically effective amino acids, are particularly important. They act as nonspecific endopeptidases and hydrolyze any acid-amide bonds that are located within peptides or proteins. Their optimum pH is usually in the markedly alkaline range. An overview of this family is offered, for example, by the article “Subtilases: subtilisin-like proteases” by R. Siezen, in “Subtilisin enzymes” pp. 75-95, edited by R. Bott and C. Betzel, New York, 1996. Subtilases are formed naturally by microorganisms; among them, the subtilisins formed and secreted by Bacillus species are to be mentioned in particular as the most significant group within the subtilases.
Examples of proteases of the subtilisin type used with preference in washing and cleaning agents are the subtilisins BPN′ and Carlsberg, protease PB92, subtilisins 147 and 309, the protease from Bacillus lentus, in particular from Bacillus lentus DSM 5483, subtilisin DY, and the enzymes (to be classified, however, as subtilases and no longer as subtilisins in the strict sense) thermitase, proteinase K, and the proteases TW3 and TW7, as well as variants of the aforesaid proteases that exhibit an amino acid sequence modified as compared with the initial protease. Proteases are modified, in controlled or random fashion, using methods known from the existing art, and are thereby optimized, for example, for use in washing and cleaning agents. These include point mutagenesis, deletion or insertion mutagenesis, or fusion with other proteins or protein parts. Correspondingly optimized variants are thus known for most proteases known from the existing art.
The International Patent Application WO 03/054185 discloses alkaline proteases from Bacillus gibsonii (DSM 14391), including for use thereof in washing or cleaning agents. This strain was deposited on Mar. 1, 2001, in accordance with the Budapest Treaty on the International Recognition of the Deposit of Microorganisms of Apr. 28, 1977, at the German Collection of Microorganisms and Cell Cultures [Deutsche Sammlung von Mikroorganismen and Zellkulturen GmbH], Inhoffenstrasse 7B, D-38124 Braunschweig under the designation ID 01-192 and entry number DSM 14391. These proteases exhibit considerable differences in amino acid sequence as compared with the proteases recited above, so that an identity comparison of the amino acid sequences yields identity values that are below 80% identity. For the alkaline proteases from Bacillus gibsonii (DSM 14391), only a few protease variants optimized for use in washing and cleaning agents are so far known in the existing art.A complex problem arises in connection with enhanced video: where a trigger comes through while an enhancement is already being displayed, how should that trigger (and its associated enhancement) be handled?
This problem could arise, for instance, where a show is enhanced, and an embedded ad is also enhanced; a show is enhanced in two places, and a viewer is still in the first enhancement when the second trigger arrives; two ads are enhanced, and a viewer is still in the first ad's enhancements when the second trigger arrives.
Conventionally, when one encodes triggers, client systems—for instance set-top boxes manufactured under license from WEBTV Networks, or Liberate Technologies—provide no effective control of overlapping enhancements. Some conventional client systems completely ignore the second trigger; this is undesirable for the sponsor of the second trigger as well as the programmer who sold that trigger spot. In other conventional client systems, if the new trigger does not contain the same URL as the currently displayed screen (which is not necessarily the URL in the old trigger), the new trigger pops up and the viewer has 10 seconds to choose the new trigger over the old enhancement. While this approach may better accommodate sponsors, it is inflexibly disruptive to the viewers. Still further, it also has problems where copies of the same trigger can disrupt subsequent screens of the first trigger's enhancements.
It would be desirable for a solution to exist which allowed for flexible control of overlapping enhancements. Still further it would be desirable for such a solution to be able to flexibly allow for overlapping enhancement control to be varied based on broadcast context. For instance, it would be desirable for a solution to exist for different broadcasters to specify how overlapping enhancements would be handled, and a similar pair of overlapping enhancements handled in accordance with the broadcasters' specifications.Active lifestyles are mobile lifestyles, and water remains an essential part of life, so portable and safe liquid vessels are a part of modern life. Renewable and reusable water vessels offer and environmentally friendly alternative to the ubiquitous disposable plastic bottle. While convenient when introduced, the plastic bottle is now recognized as wasteful. Simple water can now be transformed into sports drinks and energy supplements by the introduction of concentrated additives. Another problem with conventional plastic bottles is the health risk posed by the various chemical ingredients used in creating the bottles. Some of the chemical components can pass into the contained liquids by a leaching process, placing the health of the consumer at risk. This can be particularly troublesome to the health conscious consumer.
A glass bottle is refillable, reusable and can be cleaned as needed. Glass vessels are not prone to contaminating the contents by leaching. Glass containers, which are predominantly silicon-dioxide structures, are stable and relatively free from contamination of their contents. However, glass bottles can be slippery to hold and are prone to breakage if dropped.
Users of (reusable) glass bottles can find themselves with dry lips. Lip glosses and lip balms are conventional remedies for dry lips. However, water bottle use can remove lip gloss. Women who use the bottle can find themselves needing more lip gloss or another cosmetic to maintain their appearance. Examples of cosmetics are base creams, eye shadow, eye liners, blushes and the like. Moreover compounds, such as lip glosses, balms, etc. can be consumed relatively quickly and replacement of such compounds in a cost effective and efficient manner is highly desirable.Unless otherwise indicated herein, the description provided in this section is not itself prior art to the claims and is not admitted to be prior art by inclusion in this section.
A typical wireless communication system includes a plurality of cell sites, each configured to provide one or more respective wireless coverage areas such as a cell or cell sectors in which to serve wireless communication devices (WCD) such as cell phones or wirelessly equipped computers. In practice, each cell site may include a respective antenna configuration, as well as respective supporting cell site equipment, which may be coupled in turn with network infrastructure such as routers, switches, gateways, and the like.
With this arrangement, when the supporting cell site equipment receives from the network infrastructure data that is to be transmitted in a wireless coverage area, or the supporting cell site equipment itself generates such data for transmission, the supporting equipment may convert the data into a form suitable for transmission by the antenna configuration, and the antenna configuration may then output the data over the air in the wireless coverage area. For instance, the supporting equipment may encode the data and modulate the encoded data on a radio frequency (RF) carrier, the supporting equipment may then pass the modulated carrier to the antenna configuration for RF transmission, and the antenna configuration may then wirelessly output the modulated carrier.
Likewise, when the antenna configuration wirelessly receives from within such a coverage area a modulated RF carrier representing data, the antenna configuration may pass that modulated RF carrier to the supporting cell site equipment, and the supporting equipment may then process that communication to uncover the underlying data. For instance, the supporting equipment may demodulate the RF carrier to uncover encoded data and may then decode the encoded data to uncover the underlying data. The supporting equipment may then handle the data locally or pass the data along to the network infrastructure for handling, as appropriate.This invention relates to a drum type washing machine including a rotating tub inclined rearwardly downward.
FIG. 17 illustrates one of conventional drum type washing machines. The illustrated washing machine comprises an outer cabinet 201 and a water tub 202 elastically supported by a plurality of suspension mechanisms 203 in the cabinet. A rotating tub 204 is rotatably mounted in the water tub 202. A bearing housing 206 is mounted on the rear of the water tub 202. The rotating tub 204 has a rotational shaft 205 supported on a bearing 207 housed in the bearing housing 206.
An electric motor 209 is provided below the water tub 202. A driven pulley 208 is mounted on the rotational shaft 205 of the rotating tub 204. A driving pulley 210 is mounted on a rotational shaft 209a of the motor 209. A transmission belt 212 extends between the pulleys 208 and 210. The driven pulley 208, the driving pulley 210 and the transmission belt 212 constitute a belt transmission mechanism 211. In this construction, torque developed by the motor 209 is transmitted via the belt transmission mechanism 211 to the rotating tub 204, whereby the rotating tub is rotated.
Household drum type washing machines are usually installed on a floor. A user bends his or her knees to put and take laundry into and out of the rotating tub. The prior art has proposed a drum type washing machine with a rotating tub inclined rearwardly downward so that the interior of the rotating tub can easily be viewed when laundry is put into and taken out of the rotating tub. However, the following problems result from this construction. That is, laundry moves to a deep interior of the rotating tub when it is rotated. As a result, an amount of vibration or oscillation produced during rotation of the rotating tub is increased.
The belt transmission mechanism particularly tends to produce vibration for the reason that the driving pulley slips during high-speed rotation or for other reasons. Accordingly, when the rotating tub is inclined rearwardly downward, the vibration produced by the rotating tub is further increased. Further, the water tub swings upon vibration of the rotating tub. To prevent collision of the water tub against the outer cabinet, a sufficient distance needs to be ensured between the water tub and the cabinet. For this purpose, the size of the cabinet needs to be increased when a large amount of vibration is produced from the rotating tub.
Therefore, an object of the present invention is to provide a drum type washing machine which includes a rotating tub inclined rearwardly downward for improvement in the easiness of access to the rotating tub and can yet reduce an amount of vibration.
The present invention provides a drum type washing machine comprising an outer cabinet including a front further including a front panel having a laundry access opening and a door provided on the front panel to close and open the access opening, the front of the cabinet being inclined at an angle relative to a vertical axis, a water tub provided in the cabinet, a rotating tub provided in the water tub so as to be inclined rearwardly downward so that the inclination angle of the front of the cabinet is smaller than an inclination angle of a front of the rotating tub relative to the vertical axis and an electric motor provided on a rear wall of the water tub for directly driving the rotating tub.
According to the above-described construction, the efficiency in the access to the rotating tub or in putting or taking laundry into and out of the rotating tub can be improved since the rotating tub is inclined rearwardly downward can be restrained. Further, the inclination of the front of the rotating tub can be set so that the laundry is readily put into and taken out of the rotating tub, and the inclination of the front of the cabinet can be set so that an increase in the size of the cabinet is prevented. Additionally, the door can be prevented from being inadvertently closed in the open state. Further, since the rotating tub is directly driven by the motor, an increase in the amount of vibration or noise produced during rotation of the rotating tub due to the provision of the rotating tub inclined rearwardly downward.
The motor is preferably of an outer rotor type. An outer rotor type motor has a smaller axial dimension and develops a higher torque than an inner rotor type motor. Accordingly, an increase in a back-and-forth dimension of the outer cabinet can be limited when the outer rotor type motor is provided on the rear wall of the water tub.
The rotating tub preferably has an axis of rotation inclined in an angular range between 10 and 20 degrees relative to a horizontal axis. Consequently, since the interior of the rotating tub can be viewed widely from the front area to the deep interior, the efficiency in the access to the rotating tub can further be improved.
The outer cabinet preferably has an access opening formed in a front wall thereof. The drum type washing machine further comprises a door for closing and opening the access opening of the cabinet, a door-opening operation detecting element detecting an operation for opening the door and a control element stopping the motor by means of electric braking, the control element stopping the motor when a detecting operation has been carried out by the door-opening operation detecting element. The motor is braked on the basis of any door-opening operation effected by another previously performed operation. Consequently, since the rotating tub is stopped in a short time from the time of an actual opening of the door, the safety can be improved. Particularly when the rotating tub is directly driven by the motor, the motor can be stopped in a shorter time by the electrical braking than by the mechanical braking. This further improves the safety.
The outer cabinet preferably has an access opening formed in a front wall thereof. The drum type washing machine further comprises an operation control element controlling a washing operation, and a switch indicative of execution of the washing operation. The operation control element prohibits the washing operation until the switch is operated when the door has been opened after start of the washing operation. When the door is opened after start of the washing operation, it is not restarted until the switch is operated and execution of the washing operation is instructed. Consequently, an inadvertent rotation of the rotating tub can be prevented and accordingly, the safety can be improved.
The invention also provides a drum type washing machine comprising an outer cabinet, a water tub provided in the cabinet so as to be inclined rearwardly downward, the water tub having a rear wall, a rotating tub provided in the water tub so as to be inclined rearwardly downward, an electric motor provided on the rear wall of the water tub for directly driving the rotating tub, and a dryer provided for drying laundry in the rotating tub and including a blower disposed at a back of the upper rear wall of the water tub in the cabinet. In this construction, the water tub is inclined rearwardly downward and the blower is disposed at the back of an upper rear wall of the water tub in the cabinet. When the water tub is inclined rearwardly downward as well as the rotating tub, a dead space results from the construction at the back of the upper rear wall of the water tub in the cabinet. Since the blower is disposed at the back of the upper rear wall of the water tub, the dead space can effectively be used.
The water tub is preferably inclined rearwardly downward. In this construction, the drum type washing machine further comprises a drain pump for draining the water tub, the drain pump being disposed below a front lower portion of the water tub in the cabinet. When the water tub is inclined rearwardly downward as well as the rotating tub, a dead space results from the construction at the back of the lower rear wall of the water tub in the cabinet. Since the drain pump is disposed at the back of the lower rear wall of the water tub, the dead space can effectively be used.
The front panel of the cabinet has a smaller inclination than the front of the rotating tub relative to a vertical axis. Consequently, the outer cabinet can be prevented from an increase in the back-and-forth dimension thereof.
The front of the rotating tub has an inclination ranging between 5 and 20 degrees and the front of the cabinet has an inclination set so as to be smaller than an inclination of the rotating tub by or above 2 degrees and so as to range between 3 and 15 degrees. Consequently, the outer cabinet can be prevented from an increase in the back-and-forth dimension thereof with an efficiency in the work for putting and taking the laundry into and taking out of the rotating tub.
The front panel of the cabinet preferably includes a portion located lower than the access opening and formed into a vertical face. Consequently, an increase in the back-and-forth dimension of the lower portion of the outer cabinet can particularly be prevented.
The invention further provides a drum type washing machine comprising an outer cabinet having a front including a front panel having a laundry access opening and a door provided on the front panel to close and open the access opening, the front of the cabinet being inclined at an angle relative to a vertical axis, a water tub provided in the cabinet, a rotating tub provided in the water tub so as to be inclined rearwardly downward so that the inclination angle of the front of the cabinet is smaller than an inclination angle of a front of the rotating tub relative to the vertical axis, and an electric motor driving the rotating tub. Since no special parts are required for the air supply port, the construction of the washing machine can be simplified.
The drum type washing machine preferably further comprises bellows connecting laundry access opening and an opening of the water tub and a dryer for drying laundry in the rotating tub, the dryer including a hot air generator for generating hot air. In this construction, the water tub is inclined rearwardly downward and the bellows have an air supply port through which the hot air is supplied from the hot air generator into the rotating tub. Consequently, since no special parts are required for the air supply port, the construction of the washing machine can be simplified.Neutron detectors are used in a variety of applications, such as particle physics experiments, instrumentation at nuclear reactors, radiation safety, cosmic ray detection, and border security. Accurate detection of neutrons and their corresponding kinetic energy can be difficult since neutrons have no charge. This makes it difficult to direct neutrons toward a detector to facilitate detection. Neutrons also do not ionize atoms directly, so gaseous ionization detectors are usually ineffective. Additionally, there is typically a relatively high level of background noise. The main component of background noise in neutron detection is high-energy photons. It can be difficult to determine in certain types of detectors whether neutrons or photons are being detected. Both register similar signals after interacting in the detector.
Homogenous capture-gated neutron spectrometers have been utilized for several years. Homogeneous detectors are composed of a single, uniform mixture of appropriate chemicals that include a hydrogenous scintillator and a high-capture-cross-section component that provides the neutron-capture signal. A typical capture material consists of boron enriched in the B-10 isotope.
Heterogeneous capture-gated neutron spectrometers offer several advantages over the homogeneous class of spectrometers. However, heterogeneous detectors are typically composed of relatively expensive materials. A typical heterogeneous detector contains two or more separate materials placed in intimate contact with each other, forming a single, optically transparent body. Characteristic capturing materials may include Li-6, B-10, or both types of nuclei. For example, current detectors can include thick sheets of plastic scintillator interspersed with relatively thin sheets of lithium-glass scintillator, with the lithium enriched in the Li-6 isotope. This type of heterogeneous detector requires an efficient scintillator that incorporates the capturing nuclei, since the capture byproducts of the Li-6 or B-10 isotopes are heavy, short-range charged particles such as tritons and alpha particles that do not escape the capturing scintillator. This type of scintillator can be quite expensive, thereby increasing the overall cost of the detector.
The above factors have limited the use of neutron detectors to small, niche markets. A relatively small, inexpensive neutron detector can create new markets for neutron detectors in medicine, nuclear science, and homeland security.
Reference will now be made to the exemplary embodiments illustrated, and specific language will be used herein to describe the same. It will nevertheless be understood that no limitation of the scope of the invention is thereby intended.The trend in mobile wireless devices has been to provide faster access, improved processors, more memory, brighter and higher resolution screens, additional connectivity with Wi-Fi, GPS, 3G and 4G world access—all with longer battery life in thinner more sleek packages. Compound this with the desire of mobile operators to expand their available band allocations, and what results is a difficult industrial design arena, where suppliers are vying for physical space within the confines of a smartphone or similar device to accommodate necessary components. One such component is the antenna—essentially a transducer that converts time varying electrical current to radiated energy, and often considered a last minute addition to the physical structure.1. Field of Invention
The disclosure relates to a light emitting device for converting a current into light.
2. Discussion of the Related Art
A light emitting diode (LED) is a semiconductor light emitting device used to convert a current into light.
The wavelength of light emitted from the LED depends on a semiconductor material used to manufacture the LED. This is because the wavelength of the emitted light depends on a band-gap of the semiconductor material representing an energy difference between electrons of a valence band and electrons of a conduction band.
Recently, the brightness of the conventional LED has increased, so that the conventional LED has been employed as a light source for a display device, a vehicle, or an illumination device. In addition, the conventional LED can represent a white color having superior light efficiency by employing phosphors or combining LEDs having various colors.
Meanwhile, the brightness of the conventional LED is changed according to various conditions such as an active-layer structure, a light extraction structure for extracting light to the outside, a chip size, and the type of molding materials surrounding the LED.(a) Field of the Invention
The invention relates to a new “gene-switch” (cumate-inducible switch) for mammalian cells. This switch is as useful in the development of expression systems and cell-based assays for functional genomics as in the generation of viral vectors for gene therapy.
(b) Description of Prior Art
Tightly controlled inducible expression of foreign proteins would greatly aid functional studies in heterologous systems. The ability to regulate both the level and the duration of expression would allow the study of proteins whose constitutive expression might not be tolerated by the cell. A number of inducible systems endogenous to mammalian cells involving regulation by heavy-metals (Brinster, R. L., et al. Nature (London) 296: 39-42, 1982; Mayo, E. K., et al. Cell 29: 99-108, 1982; and Searle, P. F., et al. Molecular and Cellular Biology 5: 1480-1489, 1985), steroid hormones (Hynes, N. E., N. Kennedy, et al. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA 78:2038-2042, 1981; Lee, F., et al. Nature (London) 294: 228-232, 1981; and Klock, G., et al. Nature (London) 329: 734-736, 1987), heat shock ((Nouer, L. p.-., Heat Shock Response. Boca Raton, Fla., Ed. CRC, 1991) (reviewed in Mullick, A. and B. Massie Encyclopedia of Cell Technology pp. 1140-1164, 2000)) are widely used. However, a major limitation of these inducible mammalian promoters is the pleitropic effects of the inducers (heat shock, glucocorticoids etc.).
To overcome these problems, prokaryotic (Gossen, M., et al. TIBS 18: 471-475, 1993) and insect regulatory systems (No, D., et al. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA 93: 3346-3351, 1996) have been adapted to construct gene switches that function in mammalian cells. Since inducer molecules are not expected to have targets in mammalian cells, the possibility of interference with cellular processes is reduced.
Of the prokaryotic proteins, two have proved particularly useful, the repressors from the lac (Brown, M., et al. Cell 49: 603-612, 1987; and Hu, M. C.-T. and N. Davidson Cell 48: 555-566, 1987) and the tet operons (Blau, H. M. and F. M. V. Rossi, Proc. Natl. acad. sci. USA 96: 797-799, 1999). Both have been incorporated in eukaryotic inducible expression systems using different strategies to control activation and repression of expression. Activation of expression is mediated by a chimaeric transactivator protein formed by the fusion of the bacterial repressor with an activation domain (Gossen, M. and H. Bujard, Proc. Natl. acad. sci. USA 89: 5547-5551, 1992; and Gossen, M., et al. Science 268: 1766-1769, 1995). The transactivator is able to activate transcription when bound to its DNA recognition sequence placed upstream of the minimal promoter. The ability of the activator to bind DNA is dependent on the presence/absence of the inducer molecule. Repression of expression is mediated by the repressor bound to operator sites placed downstream of the minimal promoter in the absence of inducer and repression is relieved on the addition of the inducer (Brown, M., et al. Cell 49: 603-612, 1987).
It would be highly desirable to be provided with an alternate activation/repression switch for expression of eukaryotic proteins.1. Technical Field
The present invention relates to a semiconductor device that includes a multilayer interconnect structure.
2. Related Art
To cope with the recent growing demand for higher operating speed for semiconductor chips, various studies are being aggressively made on employing a material having a lower dielectric constant to form an interlayer dielectric in place of a silicon oxide film (dielectric constant K=approx. 4.3), to thereby reduce parasitic capacitance between interconnect lines. Examples of applicable low dielectric constant (hereinafter abbreviated as low-k) insulating material include HSQ, MSQ, and aromatic-containing organic resins, which have a dielectric constant of approx. 3. Besides, for achieving a still lower dielectric constant, porous materials that include minute pores are lately being developed. Employing such low-k materials to form the interlayer dielectric allows reducing crosstalk between the interconnect lines, thus achieving higher operating speed of the chips.
The low-k films, however, generally have low film strength, and insufficient adhesion properties. Besides, because of the lack of strength, the low-k film is prone to be scraped off during a CMP (Chemical Mechanical Polishing) process, in a region where interconnect lines are not densely distributed.
Now, when fabricating semiconductor chips, a plurality of circuit chips are first formed on a wafer, and then the wafer is diced into individual chips. By the dicing process, dicing sections of the semiconductor chips are exposed. Accordingly, a seal ring region is provided along the periphery of each circuit chip, so as to prevent intrusion of water or moisture through the dicing sections. JP-A 2004-297022 discloses a structure of a semiconductor chip provided with a seal ring constituted of vias and interconnects disposed along the outer periphery. In this structure, the seal ring is continuously disposed so as to be connected to all layers, including the lower layers and upper layers of the semiconductor chip, to thereby prevent the intrusion of water or moisture through the dicing sections (FIG. 2 of JP-A 2004-297022).
Generally, in a semiconductor device, upper layers are formed in an insulating layer constituted of silicon oxide film, which is sufficiently rigid, serving as the interlayer dielectric, while lower layers are formed in an interlayer dielectric constituted of a low-k film, for reducing the interconnect capacitance. The low-k film lacks in mechanical strength and adhesion properties, as stated above. Besides, the low-k film is prone to absorb moisture. Therefore, improvement in mechanical strength and moisture resistance with respect to the lower layers of the semiconductor device is an important issue to be addressed.
On the other hand, since the upper layers include the wider interconnects and the larger vias in general, the size of the seal ring region is determined according to the size of the interconnects and vias in the upper layers. Therefore, it is desirable to have the interconnects and vias in the upper layers disposed so as to prevent the seal ring region from excessively expanding.This invention relates to a method of producing inked-ribbon cartridges.
Recently, there has been a trend in the typewriter and business machine arts to incorporate an inked ribbon in a disposable cartridge or cassette which can be readily installed and/or replaced in such printing machines. The operator of one such machine merely removes the old cartridge when the ink in the ribbon is used up or the ribbon becomes frayed from use, and he installs a new cartridge without ever having to soil his hands by touching the ribbon itself. The cartridge usually has a feed means therein which cooperates with a driving member on the machine on which the cartridge is installed so as to transport the ribbon in the cartridge, and thereby present a fresh supply of inked ribbon to a print station located in the machine.
Some of the prior art ribbon cartridges employ two reels therein on which the ribbon is alternately wound and unwound as used. Other cartridges employ only one special reel on which an endless inked ribbon is wound, and as the reel rotates, the ribbon winds up on the "outer turn" of ribbon on the reel, and the ribbon is withdrawn therefrom by withdrawing the "innermost turn" of the ribbon from the reel. A third type of cartridge employs a length of about 15 yards of inked ribbon which is formed into an endless loop of ribbon which is not stored on any reel or reels within the cartridge, but is simply stuffed therein to produce many folds or convolutions in the ribbon. In this latter type of cartridge, the ribbon is simply fed into or "stuffed" into the cartridge by a feed means located at an entrance area thereof, and is pulled out of an exit area of the cartridge by the feed means as the ribbon is stuffed into the cartridge.
Some representative prior art, inked-ribbon cartridges and inking methods are shown in the following U.S. Pat. Nos.: 2,755,905; 2,878,751; 3,241,522; 3,643,779; 3,804,227; and 3,814,231.
One of the problems with producing the prior art ribbon cartridges is that the ribbon is inked prior to installing it in its associated cartridge. As a result, the cartridge itself and the hands of the operator who is installing the ribbon in the cartridge become smeared with ink, requiring extensive clean-up time for cleaning both the assembled cartridge and the operator's hands.
Another problem with producing prior art ribbon cartridges relates to producing cartridges including a length of inked ribbon which is formed into an endless loop. Because of the ink being in the ribbon at the time of forming an endless loop, an effective or lasting bond joining the ends of the length of ribbon is difficult to obtain, thereby subjecting the ribbon to potential failure at the bond. The utilization of pre-inked ribbon fabric also limits the number of bonding techniques which may be utilized to join the ends of a ribbon.Technology for tracking physical layer information (among other information) relating to wired communication media, components, devices, systems, and/or networks is described in the following United States Patent Applications, all of which are hereby incorporated herein by reference: United States Patent Publication 2011/0115494 published on May 19, 2011, titled “ELECTRICAL PLUG FOR MANAGED CONNECTIVITY SYSTEMS”; United States Patent Publication 2011/0115494 published on May 19, 2011, titled “MANAGED ELECTRICAL CONNECTIVITY SYSTEMS”; United States Patent Publication No. 2011/0115494 published on May 19, 2011, titled “MANAGED ELECTRICAL CONNECTIVITY SYSTEMS”; United States Patent Publication No. 2011/0228473 published on Sep. 22, 2011, titled “COMMUNICATIONS BLADED PANEL SYSTEMS”; United States Patent Publication No. 2012/0133524 published on May 31, 2012, titled “COMMUNICATIONS BLADED PANEL SYSTEMS”; United States Patent Publication No. 2012/0113613 published on May 10, 2012, titled “COMMUNICATIONS BLADED PANEL SYSTEMS”; United States Patent Publication No. 2011/0267794 published on Nov. 3, 2011, titled “COMMUNICATIONS BLADED PANEL SYSTEMS”; United States Patent Publication No. 2011/0222819 published on Sep. 15, 2011, titled “Managed Fiber Connectivity Systems”; United States Patent Publication No. 2011/0255829 published on Oct. 20, 2011, titled “Managed Fiber Connectivity Systems”; United States Patent Publication No. 2011/0235979 published on Sep. 29, 2011, titled “Managed Fiber Connectivity Systems”; U.S. Pat. No. 8,690,593 Issued on Apr. 8, 2014, titled “Managed Fiber Connectivity Systems”; United States Publication No. 2012/0234778 published on Sep. 20, 2012, titled “CABLE MANAGEMENT IN RACK SYSTEMS”; United States Patent Publication No. 2011/0092100 published on Apr. 21, 2011, titled “MANAGED CONNECTIVITY IN ELECTRICAL SYSTEMS”; U.S. Pat. No. 8,596,882 Issued on Dec. 13, 2013, titled “MANAGED CONNECTIVITY IN FIBER OPTIC SYSTEMS”; United States Publication No. 2012/0246347 published on Sep. 27, 2012, titled “SYSTEMS AND METHODS FOR UTILIZING VARIABLE LENGTH DATA FIELD STORAGE SCHEMES ON PHYSICAL COMMUNICATION MEDIA SEGMENTS”; United States Publication No. 2012/0246523 published on Sep. 27, 2012, titled “DYNAMICALLY DETECTING A DEFECTIVE CONNECTOR AT A PORT”; United States Publication No. 2012/0246362 published on Sep. 27, 2012, titled “DOUBLE-BUFFER INSERTION COUNT STORED IN A DEVICE ATTACHED TO A PHYSICAL LAYER MEDIUM”; and United States Publication No. 2012/0243554 published on Sep. 27, 2012, titled “EVENT-MONITORING IN A SYSTEM FOR AUTOMATICALLY OBTAINING AND MANAGING PHYSICAL LAYER INFORMATION USING A RELIABLE PACKET-BASED COMMUNICATION PROTOCOL”.
The technology described in the applications noted in the previous paragraph makes use of an EEPROM or other storage device that is integrated with a connector on a cable, fiber, or other segment of communication media. The storage device is used to store information about the connector or segment of communication media along with other information. The EEPROM or other storage device can be read after the associated connected is inserted into a corresponding jack or other port. In this way, information about wired communication media, devices, systems, and/or networks can be captured in an automated manner.
Another type of technology for tracking information about the physical layer of a wired network (along with other information) is so-called “ninth wire” technology. Ninth wire technology makes use of special cables that include an extra conductor or signal path (also referred to here as the “ninth wire” conductor or signal path) that is used for determining which port each end of the cables is inserted into. One example of ninth wire technology is the AMPTRAC family of connectivity management products that are commercially available from TE Connectivity Ltd. Also, examples of ninth wire technology are described in the following United States Patent Applications, all of which are hereby incorporated herein by reference: U.S. Pat. No. 7,160,143, titled “SYSTEM FOR MONITORING CONNECTION PATTERN OF DATA PORTS”, U.S. Pat. No. 6,961,675, titled “SYSTEM FOR MONITORING CONNECTION PATTERN OF DATA PORTS”, U.S. Pat. No. 6,725,177, titled “SYSTEM FOR MONITORING CONNECTION PATTERN OF DATA PORTS”, U.S. Pat. No. 6,684,179, titled “SYSTEM FOR MONITORING CONNECTION PATTERN OF DATA PORTS”, and U.S. Pat. No. 6,574,586, titled “SYSTEM FOR MONITORING CONNECTION PATTERN OF DATA PORTS”.
Another type of technology for tracking information about the physical layer of a wired network (along with other information) makes use of RFID tags and readers. With this type of technology, an RFID tag is attached to or integrated with a connector on a cable, fiber, or other segment of communication media. The RFID tag is used to store information about the connector or segment of communication media along with other information. The RFID tag can be read after the associated connected is inserted into a corresponding jack or other port using a RFID reader. In this way, information about wired communication media, devices, systems, and/or networks can be captured in an automated and contactless manner. One example of such RFID technology is described in U.S. Pat. No. 6,002,331, titled “METHOD AND APPARATUS FOR IDENTIFYING AND TRACKING CONNECTIONS OF COMMUNICATION LINES”, which is incorporated herein by reference.There are work machines (e.g., construction, agricultural, forestry) which can operate the hydraulic actuator(s) of an auxiliary tool attached to the work machine. Auxiliary tools are commonly referred to as an auxiliary attachment, or just attachment. Examples of such an auxiliary tool include a multi-function bucket (“clamshell bucket”), rotary broom, auger, hammer, vibratory compactor, snow blower, grapple, shear felling head, and disk saw felling head, to name just a few.
As indicated, the auxiliary tool has its own hydraulic actuator(s) onboard the auxiliary tool. Such a hydraulic actuator may be, for example, a hydraulic cylinder that provides a linear output, as for a clamshell bucket, and/or a hydraulic motor that provides a rotary output, as for a broom or hammer.There are many entities which produce information in databases that is then used to produce booklets which are mailed or otherwise distributed to end users. Generically these entities may be referred to as database publishing companies, which companies do not have the incentive to invest in the imaging computer systems and print engines that are necessary to produce booklets, or other documentation, therefore the data must be transmitted to another site for actual imaging. In efficient modern installations, the data from the database publishers is taken by the imaging organization, the data is significantly reformulated, and then imaging is practiced. While some time--depending upon the raw data received--final print streams may be produced within several hours after receipt of the raw data, more often the time frame is on the order of days. However in many situations it is highly desirable to be able to turn an entire print job around within twenty-four hours, which is not universally feasible with present technology.
In the present specification and claims, various jargon will be utilized which is specifically identified here for ease of reference:
______________________________________ TERMINOLOGY DETAILED DESCRIPTION ______________________________________ Background An image or graphic over which other graphics and text may be imaged. Booklet A collection of documents to be produced in response to an end user inquiry or need. Document A collection of hard copy pages logically related to each other through their content, typically formed by a number of signatures, and formulated into a booklet. EPS Encapsulated postscript files, which are typically converted especially by proprietary imaging systems for use therein. Fixed Data Graphics and text which are shared among substantially all documents in a print stream. .GEN File All the information relating to a specific production run are captured in a generic job file. This file is initially developed when a job is configured. Job Formatting A table which provides a translation Table mechanism to map variable data fields provided by a database publisher to the actual data stream read by the print system. The data stream is of a format which is specific to a given printer, reflecting engine specific parameters such as resolution and imposition, and serving to "hide" production specific information from the database publisher. Object Association A table which identifies print ready Table documents which are appropriate for getting jobs. Included are descriptions of the documents and certain production information such as the number of signatures, target markets, etc. When utilized by a database publisher, substantially only the file names included in the table may be utilized. Print Image Stream The final variable stream provided to the XLC "Digital ColorQuick"! imaging system. The print image stream is specific to the individual type of printer and the production method (imposition). RIP A raster image processor, comprising electronics which assemble individual bitmaps and images into a document which is printed. Selectable Criteria Combination of text, graphics and images which can be printed on a document with an imaging systems' receipt of a single data code. Selectable criteria codes are defined in a ".GEN file" and passed to an imaging system with a variable data stream. Signature A sheet of paper which is folded into a collection of pages to be included in a document. Signatures may include imaging on both sides. Variable Data Unique text information compared to other documents in the same print stream, which almost always originates from the database publisher and may include name, address, telephone, and like information. VBI Variable bit image codes, a single image being associated with a data code utilizing variable bit image codes. Unlike selectable criteria VBIs refer to only one set of spatial data (such as position, size, etc.). VBIs are passed to the system in the variable data stream. VCC Station A variable color configuration station. Takes care of pre-screening all imaged data in its final "print ready" form; that is images are sized and rotated for the final appearance as required by the print job, and the images are then stored on a file server where they reside until required by an imaging run. XLC Data System Electronics and software available from Moore Business Forms, Inc. of Lake Forest, Illinois which preprocess job information prior to imaging of individual documents. The processing includes the preloading of images, the reading of variable data, web synchronization, and other functions. Its official commercial name is "Digital ColorQuick". .XLF File An XLC proprietary file comprising a prescreened (rasterized) graphic element which is ready to be printed on a resolution specific device. ______________________________________
According to the present invention, a method and system are provided which significantly enhance the present ability to turn around entire print jobs. According to the present invention data is provided to a database publisher in the form of the object association table so that elements necessary to facilitate the production of a final print stream are greatly expanded. The database tables, which comprise a standard programming interface, enhance system flexibility and enhance data handling throughput, allowing an entire print job to be turned around within twenty-four hours of data closeout by the database publisher, something heretofore possible only on an irregular basis for specific small jobs.
According to one aspect of the present invention a method of producing documents at a first site from database information produced at a second site remote from the first site is provided, utilizing a specific print engine (which may be of any conventional type, such as a MIDAX printer available from Moore Business Forms, Inc., or a Xeikon printer). The method comprises the following steps: (a) Providing the object association table, which associates document production jobs with specific documents and appropriate object descriptions, so that it is accessible at the second site. (b) Accessing the object association table at the second site, and utilizing substantially only file names in the object association table, producing database information at the second site. (c) Supplying the database information from the second site to a translation site, and translating the database information from the second site so that it may be utilized by the specific print engine at the first site, utilizing a job formatting table to build an engine specific print image stream. And, (d) utilizing the engine specific print image stream to electronically control the specific print engine at the first site to image documents having variable information from the database information supplied in step (c).
Step (A) may be practiced in alternative manners. For example it may be practiced on-line through a communications network, or by supplying the object association table in machine readable form to the second site (e.g. via disc, tape, or the like) for incorporation into a computer system at the second site. Typically the object association table is provided at the first site and accessible from the second site, and step (c) is typically practiced so that the database information is supplied to and translated at the first site. The engine specific print stream typically has all variable information for control of the print engine, BI coded and selectable criteria codes.
Step (b) may be practiced by document sorting according to a predetermined delivery mechanism, providing document references for all documents to be produced at the first site using the object association table, and adding variable data to the documents. Steps (c) and (d) may be practiced to image on the fly directly from the data source the character data for the print engine, typically only the font data being pre-rasterized, or an XLC system may pre-rasterize only the font and character data; with all variable data being provided from steps (b) and (c) in the engine specific print image stream, so that the print engine can print with substantially no limitations related to the number of different text combinations.
A plurality of different specific print engines may be provided at the first site. Step (c) is then practiced to build a different engine specific print stream depending upon which print engine is utilized.
The invention also relates to a system for producing documents at a first site from database information produced at a second site remote from the first site. The system may comprise the following components: A first computer remote from the second site containing an object association table which associates document production jobs with specific documents and appropriate object descriptions. A specific print engine at the first site for imaging documents, and electronically controlled by a specific variable print image stream. A second computer at the second site capable of using the object association table to produce database information containing specific file names. A third computer remote from the second site for using the database information supplied by the second computer and a job formatting table contained within the third computer for translating the database information containing specific file names from the second computer to produce a print image stream specifically for controlling the specific print engine. And, a fourth computer at the first site connected to the specific print engine utilizing the print image stream from the third computer, along with other data, to control the specific print engine to print desired documents containing variable information provided from the second computer database information.
The first and third computers may be provided within the same computer housing, at the first site, and the fourth computer is typically the electronics part of the XLC data system {Digital ColorQuick! and is distinct from the first and third computers. Telephone lines are typically provided for providing the communication between the first computer and the second computer so that the second computer may access the object association table on-line. A plurality of specific print engines may be provided at the first site each controlled by different specific print image streams, and the third computer, and job formatting table contained therein, may produce different specific print image streams depending upon which specific print engine of the plurality of print engines is to be controlled by the fourth computer to produce desired printed documents.
Preferably the fourth computer images on the fly directly from the data source substantially the character data for the print engine, substantially only the font data being pre-rasterized, or substantially only the font and character data is pre-rasterized, with all variable data being provided by the print image stream, so that the print engine can print with substantially no limitations related to the number of different text combinations.
According to another aspect of the present invention a method of setting up a system for a data publisher to provide data for a remote imaging system to print and merge the data in signatures which are combined into a document, and where a number of documents are combined to produce a booklet, is provided. The method comprises the following steps: (a) Setting the document standards for construction including the number of documents per booklet. (b) Identifying the variable data fields associated with each document while specifying that the document which will be produced for a given production run have the same number and type of variable fields. (c) Defining the fonts and characters for variable data at the time individual jobs are built. (d) Defining variable data so that is limited to text elements which are very likely to change from document to document or from production run to production run. (e) Identifying the output sorting requirements for the documents. (f) Determining document identifiers and their variable fields in a manner that effects a production cycle. (g) Determining how frequently document changes will be processed. And, (h) converting document data supplied as a result of steps (a) through (g) into imposed, rasterized bitmaps which are built and rotated to reflect the production for a specific combination of production methods. Step (h) may be practiced by the sub-steps of: (h1) Converting data to be supplied to the system into resolution specific bitmaps. (h2) Imposing the data from the resolution specific bitmaps onto a specific signature. And, (h3) positioning and rotating variable text fields as each signature is built.
It is the primary object of the present invention to provide for the enhanced flexibility and data handling to produce booklets or documentation for mailings, distributions, or the like. This and other objects of the invention will become clear from the detailed description of the invention and from the appended claims.The present invention relates to a helically-shaped intake port of an internal-combustion engine.
A helically-shaped intake port normally comprises a helical portion formed around the intake valve of an engine and a substantially straight inlet passage portion tangentially connected to the helical portion. However, if such a helically-shaped intake port is so formed that a strong swirling motion is created in the combustion chamber of an engine when the engine is operating at a low speed under a light load, that is, when the amount of air fed into the cylinder of the engine is small, since air flowing within the helically-shaped intake port is subjected to a great flow resistance, a problem occurs in that the volumetric efficiency is reduced when the engine is operating at a high speed under a heavy load, that is, when the amount of air fed into the cylinder of the engine is large.
In order to eliminate such a problem, the present inventor previously proposed a helically-shaped intake port in which a bypass passage, branched off from the inlet passage portion and connected to the helix-terminating portion of the helical portion, is formed in the cylinder head of an engine. A flow control valve is arranged in the bypass passage and is open when the engine is operating under a heavy load at a high speed. In this helically-shaped intake port, when the engine is operating under a heavy load at a high speed, a part of the air introduced into the inlet passage portion is fed into the helical portion of the helically-shaped intake port via the bypass passage. Consquently, since the flow area of the intake port is increased when the engine is operating under a heavy load at a high speed, it is possible to increase the volumetric efficiency. However, in this helically-shaped intake port, since the bypass passage is formed by a tubular passage which is completely separated from the inlet passage portion, the bypass passage has a relatively great flow resistance. In addition, since it is necessary to form the bypass passage adjacent to the inlet passage portion, the cross-sectional area of the bypass passage is restricted by the presence of the inlet passage portion. Consequently, it is difficult to obtain a satisfactory high volumetric efficiency. In addition, the helically-shaped intake port has a complicated construction itself, and, thus, if a bypass passage completely separated from the inlet passage portion is additionally provided, the entire construction of the intake port becomes extremely complicated. Therefore, it is considerably difficult to form a helically-shaped intake port equipped with such a bypass passage in the cylinder head.1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to brackets for mounting supports, interconnecting structural components, or supporting articles freestanding.
2. Prior Art
Christmas tree supports are shown in various United States patents. The support of U.S. Pat. No. 3,733,040 contains many component parts making the support difficult to assemble and expensive to manufacture. The legs of the support of U.S. Pat. No. 1,319,009 are of a particularly complex shape making it another expensive support. U.S. Pat. No. 3,295,802 shows two pairs of legs held in engagement with opposite sides of the base of a tree by a band. However, the trunks of large trees are engaged only by the edges of leg angles, the band is held on the legs only by tension, and the floor or other supporting surface is engaged only by small feet. In addition, all three of these suppots preclude placing the base of a supported tree in a container of water without placing at least part of the support itself in such container. Hence, either these supports will be subject to corrosion or rot from exposure to water or the supported trees will be denied water, have shortened useful lives, and be more likely to become fire hazards.
The support in U.S. Pat. No. 2,327,403 relies on short pins extending into the base of a tree to support the weight of the tree. Such support could support stably only a very small tree. U.S. Pat. No. 2,853,261 shows a "Stabilizer for Containers" using a complicated resilient band holding legs in engagement with a cylinder which is to receive the container to be supported. This device shares with all the above noted christmas tree supports the problem of being designed for a single use.1. Field of the Invention
The present invention is related to a multi-specification read/write signal transmission module for silicon disks, and especially to a signal transmission module for silicon disks (flash memory cards/small memory cards) of various specifications in the markets, it is provided with a structure with a common space for reading and writing on silicon disks of various specifications to thereby satisfy the requirement of customers.
2. Description of the Prior Art
The silicon disks developed in the recent years are light, thin and small, they have the superior features of high storage capacity, vibration durability, repeated memorizing for many times etc., and are widely applied in the field of IA (Information Appliance) and many portable digital products. For example, merely all the popular products including personal digital assistants (PDA), digital cameras (DSC), digital walkmans (MP3 Players) etc. in the markets use the silicon disks as storage media.
By virtue that IA is a newly rising field, its products are novel and multivariable; thereby, the criteria of the silicon disks form a large market that makes struggles for development as well as competitions among international big manufacturers. There is no uniform standard or specification presently in the art of silicon disks in the whole world. Products that are mutually related include at least PC ATA cards, CF cards (CompactFlash cards), SM cards (Smart Media cards), MMC cards (MultiMedia cards), MS cards (Memory Stick cards) and SD cards (Secure Digital cards) etc.; and not only are multifactorial, but also have their respective predominance in the markets.
The multiple specifications of the silicon disks induce market strategies as to manufacturers. For example, if customers find that their neighboring people do not use MS cards or are uneasy to purchase MS cards, he may think about whether he will purchase and use a digital camera for MS cards. On the contrary, a customer who have purchased a digital camera for MS cards may not purchase a PDA of some other brand, rather, he may still want to purchase a PDA still of the kind using MS cards, unless he wants to use another kind of specification of silicon disk.
For the large group of customers, however, lacking of uniform standards and specifications for silicon disks is not a good thing. This is because that silicon disks are unable to achieve effective applicability on various portable digital products, computer systems and peripheral equipments of computers, and this makes inconvenience of use of consumers. The computers are quite restrained in selection of using digital products.
Therefore, it is an extremely important direction of consideration to make efforts to provide a module compatible with all known specifications for silicon disks and capable of integrating all the electronic transmission modes of these silicon disks, in order that the module can be built in or externally connected to computers and other digital products to thereby increase the convenience for consumers in using silicon disks of different specifications.
The Prior Art
During study and development of the present invention, the inventor had designed a primary structure for reading and writing on silicon disks for the purpose of achieving the above stated objects. The structure of the module in practicing is shown in FIG. 1: Wherein, a xe2x80x9cUxe2x80x9d shaped base 1 is provided on the upper and the lower sides thereof respectively with an electric circuit board 2, the xe2x80x9cUxe2x80x9d shaped base 1 is formed in the center thereof a receiving space 3. A plurality of guide recesses 4 are provided on the lateral arms at the two lateral sides of the receiving space 3. Each of the guide recesses 4 has the sizes of length and width thereof in coincidence with a kind of silicon disk 5; thereby, several kinds of silicon disks 5 can be inserted in the receiving space 3. And the upper and the lower electric circuit boards 2 are provided on the surfaces thereof confronting the receiving space 3 with a plurality of protruding contact pin sets 6, each pin set 6 is positioned in corresponding to that of the signal pin set 7 of a silicon disk 5. When the silicon disk 5 is inserted into the receiving space 3, the pin sets 6 of the upper and the lower electric circuit boards 2 can be connected with the signal pin set 7 of a silicon disk 5 for reading the data in the silicon disk 5.
The primary structure designed by the inventor of the present invention can surely achieve the object of reading on several kinds of silicon disks; however, it cannot suit all kinds of silicon disks. This is mainly because that the contact pin sets 6 provided on the upper and the lower electric circuit boards 2 and protruding into the receiving space 3 is vertically contact with the silicon disk 5; but the signal pin sets of some silicon disks 5 are provided on the front end face of the silicon disks 5 (such as PC ATA cards or CF cards as shown in FIG. 5 depicting a silicon disk Axe2x80x2), thereby, the contact pin sets 6 provided on the upper and the lower electric circuit boards 2 can not contact or connect with such a silicon disk 5, they do not suit all kinds of silicon disks.
To solve the above stated problems and to render a read/write signal transmission module for silicon disks to suit all kinds of silicon disks, the inventor of the present invention reconsider the above stated primary structure concentrating on designing of the different specifications, and developed the multi-specification read/write signal transmission module for silicon disks of the present invention after nonstop study and tests, with the module, all known silicon disks with different specifications can be inserted and read/written.
In particular, the present invention is provided on the center of a xe2x80x9cUxe2x80x9d shaped base with a partitioning plate, an upper and a lower lid, so that the base is formed therein a first and a second receiving chamber. The base is provided respectively on the lateral arms at the lateral sides of the first and the second receiving chambers with a plurality of guide recesses, thereby, different kinds of silicon disks with different specifications can be inserted therein. The first receiving chamber is provided therein at least with a vertically contacting pin set, and the second receiving chamber is provided therein at least with a horizontally contacting pin set, in order that when silicon disks with different specifications are individually inserted into the first or the second receiving chamber, they can contact respectively with the vertically contacting pin set or the horizontally contacting pin set. In this way, the module of the present invention can suit all the silicon disks with different specifications in the markets.
The primary object of the present invention is that, by the fact that the above stated vertically and the horizontally contacting pin sets are allocated at different orientations, when a silicon disk is inserted into the module, it can be connected with one of the vertically and the horizontally contacting pin sets to proceed to transmit signals for and read/write on the silicon disk. Thereby, the module of the present invention can meet module of the present invention can of multiple silicon disks.
Another object of the present invention is that, after the base is divided into the upper first and the lower second receiving chambers by means of the partitioning plate, the first and the second receiving chambers can respectively receive a silicon disk of its own specification. This makes customers convenient in use.
The present invention will be apparent in its structural characteristics after reading the detailed description of the preferred embodiment thereof in reference to the accompanying drawings.A channel subsystem (CSS) is a conventional part of a data processing system and is well known in the art of data processing systems. A CSS directs the flow of information between I/O devices and main storage and is mainly comprised of one or more I/O processors (IOPs) and I/O channel paths (channels) with some participation of the central processors (CPs). IOPs are also synonymously referred to as SAPs (system assist processors). In a simple system, I/O instructions are initiated by a CP that might execute a sequence of instructions that partly use only the resources of the CP and that partly directly control the resources and the operations of the CSS. In a CSS of the type that will use this invention, IOPs perform a portion of an I/O operation, and one or more channels handle other parts of the I/O operation. The IOPs determine which channel to select for an I/O operation. The channels handle the actual data transfers into and out of processor memory and they execute commands by forming orders that are sent to the I/O device controllers. The IOP also handles general parts of the I/O operation such as communicating with the CPs through interfaces such as control blocks in reserved memory called hardware system area (HSA), scheduling the I/O operations, and reporting status conditions to a CP. A single IOP can handle requests from multiple CPs and report status to different CPs.
The IOPs and the channels also communicate with each other, and the present invention provides an improvement in these communications. The IOP signals a particular channel when an I/O operation is to be performed and the channel signals the IOP when the operation has been completed and whenever some other general operation is to be performed by the IOP. In the known prior art, these communications are carried out over signal wires that run between the IOP and the channels or over the existing data paths that connect the IOP and the channels.
In IBM mainframe systems from the 3090 to the z990, an integral part of the communication mechanism used in the Channel Subsystem (CSS) between the I/O Processors (IOPs) and the Channels for signaling and passing messages to each other is a hardware array called the Channel Communication Array (CCA) as illustrated in FIG. 1. Messages directed to the channel (TO_CHN) typically contain commands to instruct the Channel to perform the necessary steps to initiate I/O operations, such as Start Subchannels (SSCH) to I/O devices. Messages directed to an IOP typically contain the status of these I/O operations as well as unsolicited status from devices connected to the channel. The SSCH instruction and the resulting status is described in the zSeries Principle of Operations, IBM Corporation, May 2004, Fourth Edition, SA22-7832-03.
There is one eight byte CCA slot (“CCA”) for each prior art Channel as shown in FIG. 1. It is bidirectional, but half-duplex in nature. It can only contain a message from either the Channel directed to the IOP (TO_IOP CCA) or from the IOP directed to the Channel (TO_CHN CCA). There may be hundreds or thousands of channels in a large mainframe system. The mechanism provides a set of command primitives the IOPs and Channels use to write, read and reset the CCA. To provide serialization and to avoid overwriting a CCA message that has not been processed yet, the mechanism provides for a “compare and swap like” form of write CCA called a “Conditional Write CCA”. When the CMD/STATUS byte of the CCA is nonzero, a “Conditional Write CCA” will return a “CCA Busy” response to the sender who attempted to issue the “Conditional Write CCA”. If there is an unprocessed TO_IOP or TO_CHN message sitting in the CCA, this Conditional Write primitive returns a “CCA busy” response to the sender rather than allowing the new message to overwrite the unprocessed message in the CCA. To read this message and free up the CCA, the sender who received the “CCA Busy” message will issue a “Read and Reset CCA”. The Reset portion of the command primitive will zero out the CMD/STATUS byte thereby giving the sender another opportunity to reissue the “Conditional Write CCA”.
There is also a signaling mechanism to give initiative to the receiver of the CCA message, when it's successfully sent with the “Conditional Write CCA” command, to process the contents of this CCA message. The IOP, as a sender of a CCA message, can signal a specified channel to process the CCA via the Tap Channel primitive. And a Channel, as a sender, can signal an unspecified IOP to process the CCA via setting that channels interrupt vector (IV) bit using the Set IV primitive.
Table A shows a typical format of a TO_CHN or TO_IOP CCA Message 8 byte message:
TABLE AFormat of the 8 byte CCA Message
As an example, when the IOP needs to process a SSCH instruction that was issued by a program running on a CP, as part of that processing, the IOP will need to send a CCA message to a selected channel to process the SSCH for the subchannel (SCB) specified by the program. Note that an SCB is a control block in HSA that contains the controls for managing an I/O operation for a specific device.
The IOP would set up a TO_CHN message as follows: The D bit (Direction Bit) would be set to ‘0’ indicating that this message was a TO_CHN message. The CCA Command Code would be set to ‘01’ to indicate to the channel that this is a “SSCH Initiative CCA Message”. And the Subchannel Identifier would contain addressing information pointing to the specific SCB in HSA describing the device that this SSCH is targeted to. The IOP would then issue a “Conditional Write CCA and Tap Channel” to send the TO_CHN message.
Continuing with this example, the channel hardware would interrupt the channel as the result of the Tap Channel which would cause the channel to issue a Read and Reset CCA. Upon receipt of “SSCH Initiative CCA Message”, the channel would verify that this message is a TO_CHN message by reading the Direction bit in the CCA Message. It would then examine the CCA Command Code in the message and recognize it to be a “SSCH Initiative CCA Message”. It would then process the SSCH. Upon completion of the SSCH, device status will need to be presented to the program.
Upon receipt of ending device status such as channel end, the channel will present this status to the IOP in the SCB. To let the IOP know that it has ending status to present and in which subchannel the status is, the channel will build a TO_CHN message containing: the D bit set to 1 indicating a TO_IOP message, the CCA Command Code set to ‘80’× to indicate “SCB Work Pending message”, and the Subchannel Identifier will contain addressing information pointing to the specific SCB in HSA containing the ending device status. The channel would then issue a “Conditional Write CCA and Set IV bit to send the TO_IOP message and signal the IOP.
Continuing with this example, the IOP hardware would interrupt the IOP as the result of the Set IV which would cause the IOP to issue a Read and Reset CCA. Upon receipt of “SCB Work Pending message”, the IOP would verify that this message is a TO_IOP message by reading the Direction bit in the CCA Message. It would then examine the CCA Command Code in the message and recognize it to be a “SCB Work Pending message”. It would then examine the SCB in HSA addressed by the Subchannel Identifier and present the status of the SSCH to the CP.
At system initialization time, each channel is assigned to one of several IOPs. It is this IOP that will service that channel's CCA and IV bit as well as be the only IOP to write the CCAs and Tap its channel. The channel is said to have “affinity” to that IOP. Note that an IOP can service multiple channels.
As the IOPs and channels have become faster and faster and more efficient at managing multiple concurrent operations, the single message, half-duplex nature of the CCA has become a bottleneck in achieving the desired I/O rates For a FICON channel, it is anticipated that the CCA usage could possibly be 10 to 40 times the rate as it is for an ESCON channel. (FICON stands for Fibre Connection Channel which is an IBM adaptation of the Fibre Channel Standard. ESCON stands for Enterprise System Connection Channel, and is otherwise known as a “serial” channel.) The ratio of CCA Busy responses to the actually successful CCA writes is increasing to the point of diminishing returns. To add to the performance degradation, as mainframes become bigger and more nodal in design—whereby groups of CPs, IOPs and CCA arrays are located on different physical “books”, the path length from IOPs on one book to the CCAs on another book has increased thereby increasing access time to the CCA.
With increased market pressures to use more common, industry standard hardware, the motivation to incrementally improve the existing CCA hardware has waned. Having a solution that uses more industry standard hardware increases the connectivity options available. With these goals and objectives, a new and innovative solution that makes use of commonly available hardware is needed.A cholesteric liquid crystal will adopt a helical structure with the director rotating around an axis perpendicular to the substrate surfaces in an electro-optical cell with homogeneous alignment. Because of the self-assembled helical structure of cholesteric liquid crystal, in the planar texture where cholesteric helix is aligned vertically, the incident light is decomposed into its right and left circular components with one component reflected and the other transmitted. The unique ability of a cholesteric liquid crystal to reflect light comes from their helical superstructure. The central reflected wavelength (λo) in a direction normal to the surface can be described as λ0= n·p= n·(C·HTP)−1, where p is the helical pitch, in which the director rotates 360 degree, n is the average refractive index of the liquid crystal, C is the concentration of chiral dopant and HTP is the helical twisting power of the chiral material. The bandwidth (Δλ) of the reflected light equals Δnλ/ n, where Δn is the birefringence of liquid crystal and n is average of refractive index. A continuous tunable and electrically programmable optical filter based on cholesteric liquid crystal can be fabricated for filtering different spatial wavelength. The bandpass filters can achieve 100% transmission or reflection when a combination of two cholesteric filters with the same reflection wavelength and opposite handedness are stacked.
When the helical pitch of a cholesteric liquid crystal is adjusted to Bragg reflect in the visible spectrum, it reflects an iridescent color. Depending on the magnitude of an applied voltage, the cholesteric liquid crystal in an electro-optical cell can be switched to different optical states such as the planar to focal conic and planar to homeotropic in which the incident light is weakly scatted or totally transmitted, respectively. The cholesteric cell displays an image which can remain on a display permanently without an applied voltage. This memory phenomenon can be achieved either by using surface treatment or polymer stabilization, as detailed, e.g. in U.S. Pat. Nos. 5,437,811, 5,691,795 and 5,695,682
For example, in responding to an applied low voltage, a liquid crystal with positive dielectric anisotropy initially with a planar texture is transformed into the focal conic texture. The focal conic state is stable at zero voltage. Even the gray levels can be stable such that a display which has a combination of planar and focal conic will maintain that particular combination and hence level of reflectivity over an indefinite period of time. When the applied voltage is above the threshold necessary for unwinding the helix, the cholesteric liquid crystal is transformed into one with a homeotropic texture where ambient light is totally transmitted and the cells appears transparent. The homeotropic state reverts back to the initial planar state upon the quick removal of the applied voltage. When the surface of the back panel is painted black, both the focal conic texture and homeotropic states appear black. The color reflective planar texture and the transparent focal conic texture can be stable over a sufficiently long period of time such that an image can be addressed on a high resolution matrix display and the image will remain on the display after the voltage is removed.
A multicolor cholesteric display was first introduced by using a color pixelation technique with a combination of photo illumination tuned chiral material to adjust the helical pitch in the exposed regions to produce red, green and blue colors as seen in U.S. Pat. No. 5,668,614. While the feasibility has been demonstrated, there is a loss in reflective brightness. Another color reflective display technology was introduced shortly using vertical stacked RGB panels to achieve the multicolor and enhance the reflectivity. The brightness of the color panel is maximized by using a combination of left and right-handed circularly polarized cholesteric material in different panels. A full color cholesteric display with reflectivity exceeds 50% of the ambient incident light was reported in U.S. Pat. No. 6,654,080. The bottleneck for the full color cholesteric displays to be realized commercially resides in the production yield and cost. For example, to display a full color image it requires three color cholesteric films and electronic drivers which increase the cost of the display. Furthermore, the shift register of pixels from separate panels causes parallax problem. Parallax demands that the thickness of the stacked layers be thinner than the pixel size. As a result, the yield in producing full color displays is low because of complexity in manufacturing process.
An alternative method to produce full color reflective cholesteric display involves the use of electrically tunable color technology. It is not anticipated that the focal conic state be used in which the switched color requires the voltage to remain on to display the desired color. The electric-field induced color change in cholesteric liquid crystals color can be traced back to the 1960's. Because the relationship of λo= n p cos θ, the increase in tilt angle of cholesteric helix observed 15° from normal to the surface in response to applied voltage results in a smaller cholesteric pitch and thus, the spectral wavelength is blue shifted. Pitch dilation in cholesteric liquid crystal in which the color changes from blue to red with an increase in an applied field has been noted. In general, the cholesteric liquid crystal response to applied voltage by the rotation of the cholesteric helix away from normal direction of substrate surface. Without strong surface anchoring, there are insufficient cholesteric pitches to reflect incoming light in the normal direction. Consequently, these methods yield low reflectivity and short spectrum tuning range.
Another electrically-tuned color technology utilizes a display with in-plane inter-digitized electrodes configured on one surface and only LC alignment layer on the other surface without electrode as described in U.S. Pat. No. 6,630,982. The device enables an inhomogeneous distribution of electric field across the cell thickness and unwinds and elongates the cholesteric helix when an appropriate voltage is applied to the inter-digitized electrodes. Using a positive dielectric anisotropy cholesteric, the cholesteric pitch is extended with the increase in applied voltage. To achieve high reflectivity for each switched color, this display requires a thick cell. As a consequence, high switching voltage and slow response time are major challenges associated with the in-plane switched color technique.
The use of gel to preserve the polymer structure and uniform distribution of polymer within the cell has been reported. With a polymer consisting of mesogenic diacrylate and monoacrylate, the gel enables a shift in reflection band to low wavelength with increasing voltage, which was associated with the tilting of the cholesteric helix. In a second case, with a chiral monoacrylate additive, the reflection band is not shifted but reduces the reflectivity with increasing voltage, which is associated with Helfrich deformation following unwinding the helices. The negative aspects include broadening of reflective bandwidth and low reflectivity. The use electrical-field induced color change in cholesteric liquid crystal has been described using Helfrich deformation. The field-induced change in optical property of the cholesteric reactive mesogen is photopolymerized and fixed on a polymer film by masked curing the cholesteric reactive mesogen at different voltages. The negative aspects of this approach are a multicolor static film with loss of reflectivity at normal direction and broadening of spectral wavelength.
It would therefore desirable to provide a technique for fabricating cholesteric liquid crystal light modulating devices in which the spectral wavelength can be electrically switched, and for displays with all of the mentioned benefits, which can be practically implemented.Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to the field of preparing and handling doses of liquids, thereby of very small doses down to, e.g., some hundreds nano-liters with accurately predetermined volumes. Such liquid handling techniques are especially used in context with medical, chemical or biochemical analyses, e.g., in pharmaceutical, medical or food industry laboratories.
The Prior Art
Thereby, it is of utmost importance to aspire, as probes, e.g., to be analyzed, small samples of liquids of accurately known volumes and often at a high rate. Latter may be important, e.g., in context with blood analyses of large populations, as become necessary to rapidly track out-braking contagious illnesses,
It is known to aspirate liquids from multiple receptacles by pipettes. The pipettes are thereby conveyed to and aligned with receptacles, lowered so as to he dipped in the respective liquids in the receptacles. To each pipette there is associated a valve- and a pumping-arrangement. By respective control of the valves and of the pumping arrangements, each pipette aspirates the respective dose of liquid from the receptacle. So as to ascertain that the volumes of the aspirated doses—the samples—accurately accord with the predetermined, rated volumes, with deviations of only few percentages, high demands must be fulfilled by the pumping arrangement, by the valves and by the respective controls.
We understand under a “rated” volume of a dose, the volume of a dose which is desired. A dose as produced should, ideally, have a volume equal to the rated volume.
The doses of liquids once aspirated into the pipettes are customarily conveyed within the pipettes to a destination location where they are released from the pipettes by respective controls of the valves and pumping arrangements.
Subsequently the pipettes can be rinsed with a rinsing solution, if necessary.
The aspiration steps are performed in that all valves and pumping arrangements, each associated to one pipette, are operated simultaneously or staggered in time.
It is an object of the present invention to provide an alternative pipetting arrangement and an alternative method of controlling a pipetting arrangement or of producing liquid product doses.The present invention relates to a gantry for acquiring projection data, which is an important component of an X-ray computer tomography apparatus.
FIG. 1 shows external appearance of a conventional gantry. The gantry 100 has a box-like shape having a cylindrical hole (hereinafter referred to as a view field) 121 in the central portion thereof. A subject is inserted in the view field 121, when photographed. The cover 111 of the gantry 100 has an air intake 115 and an air outlet 116 to cool the interior of the gantry.
FIGS. 2 and 3 are front and side views of the interior of the gantry, respectively. The gantry has a rotation ring 101, on which an X-ray tube and an X-ray detector are mounted in an arrangement such that they are opposite to each other with the subject lying therebetween. The rotation ring 101 is rotatably supported by a ring frame 103. A motor 104 for rotating the rotation ring 101 is mounted on the ring frame 103. The ring frame 103 is supported by two main posts 106 via tilt mechanisms 110. The main post 106 is mounted on a stand base 107 at right angles, as shown in FIG. 4. The gantry 100 contains electric members 105, for example, a control board and a power source.
As well known, the standard scan time at present is a second for a rotation. In the near future, a direct drive system, which directly drives the rotation ring (rotor) 101 by a stator coil, will be the mainstream of the driver of a gantry.
Such high-speed rotations of the unbalanced rotation ring 101 cause the main posts 106 to vibrate violently. To suppress the vibration, the main posts 106 must be thick. For this reason, the gantry is inevitably large and heavy. Further, if the top end of the main post 106 is displaced 0.5 mm, a tumor or a bone smaller than 0.5 mm cannot be observed, and a ring-like artifact may be produced.
An object of the present invention is to provide a gantry of a compact X-ray computer tomography apparatus having a high damping property.
A gantry of an X-ray computer tomography apparatus comprises a base, two main posts mounted on the base at right angles, a ring frame tiltably supported by the two main posts, a rotation ring rotatably supported by the ring frame, an X-ray tube mounted on the rotation ring, and an X-ray detector mounted on the rotation ring, opposing to the X-ray tube. The props obliquely abut on the main posts to reinforce them. Since the main posts are reinforced by the props, the vibration due to high-speed rotations of the rotation ring can be effectively suppressed. Moreover, since the main posts need not be thick, the gantry can be compact.
Additional objects and advantages of the invention will be set forth in the description which follows, and in part will be obvious from the description, or may be learned by practice of the invention. The objects and advantages of the invention may be realized and obtained by means of the instrumentalities and combinations particularly pointed out hereinafter.Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to an image processing device, an image processing method, and a program.
Description of the Related Art
Recently, technology referred to as augmented reality (AR) has been drawing attention whereby an image obtained by imaging a real space and modified through a specific process is presented to a user. In the AR technology, useful information on an object in a real space shown in an input image may be inserted into the image to be output as an output image, for example. That is, in the AR technology, typically, a large part of the image presented to the user shows the real space, and some part of the image may be processed in accordance with an application purpose. Such a characteristic is in contrast to virtual reality in which an entire (or a large part) of the output image is composed using computer graphics (CG). By using the AR technology, for example, advantages such as easy understanding of a situation of the real space by a user or work support based on the output image may be provided.
Further, in the AR technology, in addition to the technique involving inserting useful information on an object in a real space into an image obtained by imaging a real space, there is also a technique of presenting to a user useful information on an object in a real space in a superimposing manner on a visual field of a user who is viewing the real space. In this technique, the useful information on an object in the real space is presented to the user by being optically composited with the visual field of the user who is viewing the real space by using a half mirror and the like. Also in the case of using such AR technology, for example, advantages such as easy understanding of a situation of the real space by a user or work support may be provided.
In the AR technology, in order to present really useful information to the user, it is important that a computer accurately understands the situation of the real space. Therefore, technology aimed to understand the situation of the real space, which serves as a basis of the AR technology, has been developed. For example, Japanese Patent Application Laid-Open No. 2008-304268 discloses a method of dynamically generating an environment map representing a three-dimensional positions of objects existing in a real space by applying technology referred to as simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM) capable of simultaneously estimating a position and posture of a camera and a position of a feature point shown in an image of the camera. Note that, a basic principle of the SLAM technology using a monocular camera is disclosed in “Real-Time Simultaneous Localization and Mapping with a Single Camera” (Andrew J. Davison, Proceedings of the 9th IEEE International Conference on Computer Vision Volume 2, 2003, pp. 1403-1410).Backpack frames have traditionally been rigid structures to which a pack is secured. Traditional backpack frames distribute the load of the pack to the wearer's hips and bring the pack in contact with the wearer's back. This construction has been unsatisfactory as it is uncomfortable for the wearer to have the pack in contact with his or her back. The close proximity of the pack to the wearer's back prevents air from circulating in the area and cooling the wearer. Additionally, the contents of the pack may exert pressure on the wearer's back causing additional discomfort for the wearer.
Another difficulty with these prior backpack frames is that they are generally complex in structure and expensive to manufacture. Since these frames are generally constructed of materials that are permanently secured together, the frame cannot be reduced in size for storage or flattened for easier transport or storage.
It is therefore an object of my invention to provide a backpack frame that may be easily assembled and disassembled in the field without special tools, that may be easily flattened for storage or transport, and that, when applied to the back of a wearer, will avoid any hard surface contact with the body while at the same time distributing the weight of the pack to the wearer's hips.Heretofore, a lot of biodegradable resins and biodegradable compositions, containing, as main components, biodegradable resins such as polylactic acid and fatty acid polyester as well as natural materials such as starch, have hitherto been proposed, and processed biodegradable articles using these biodegradable resins and biodegradable compositions have been provided.
For example, JP-A-Hei07-17571 (Patent Document 1) discloses a biodegradable buffer material which contains starch as a main component, and is obtained by adding vegetable fibers and/or protein, followed by blow molding. JP-A-2005-119708 (Patent Document 2) discloses a biodegradable resin composition obtained by blending starch and polyol, monosaccharide or oligosaccharide, and protein. JP-A-Hei05-320401 (Patent Document 3) discloses a biodegradable molded article obtained by blending wheat flour, starch and cellulose, followed by foaming and further firing.
However, when natural materials such as starch are used, the resultant product often has poor water resistance and tends to have poor strength. Therefore, JP-A-Hei05-278738 (Patent Document 4) and JP-A-Hei05-57833 (Patent Document 5) and JP-A-2002-355932 (Patent Document 6) each discloses a method of coating the surface of a processed article molded from a biodegradable composition with a water-resistant resin. However, according to this method, coating must be conducted again, resulting in increase of the number of steps.
On the other hand, JP-A-Hei06-248040 (Patent Document 7) discloses, as a biodegradable composition having improved impact resistance and improved heat resistance, a composition composed of phenols, sugar and starch. This composition is obtained by applying formation of a resin by the reaction between phenols and sugar. JP-A-2004-137726 (Patent Document 8) discloses a composition for a biodegradable gravel product, which is composed of starch and tannin or polyphenol and, furthermore, protein and a crushed mineral powder, and a divalent metal powder having the chelate mordanting effect with tannin or polyphenol. However, this composition is obtained by supporting a condensation compound of a metal salt and a polyphenol on starch and also contains a divalent metal salt, and therefore it is not suitable for applications such as tablewares. Also, tannins and polyphenols used herein are condensed tannins such as persimmon tannin, tea tannin and bark tannin, and are suitable for use as a substitute of gravel, but are not suitable for processed articles such as tablewares because condensed tannins and divalent metal salts are used and therefore the strength becomes too higher. Furthermore, since the metal salts are used, metals thereof remain after decomposition and thus it is considered that an adverse influence may be exerted on the environment.
JP-A-2005-23262 (Patent Document 9) discloses a biodegradable composition using main materials obtained by finely dividing 100% natural materials, for example, grains such as maize, dietary fibers such as weeds, and sugar cane, and natural binders such as persimmon tannin and konjac powder. However, a specific composition ratio is unclear and also it is unclear whether or not the product is actually produced. Since this composition is composed only of natural materials such as cereals, quality of the resultant molded article is not maintained and the molded article is not suitable for use as an industrial product.
Furthermore, translation of PCT application No. 9-500924 (Patent Document 10) discloses a biodegradable composition containing starch, protein, cellulose, phenol and tannin, and tall oil or wax. However, this composition contains tall oil or wax, there is a fear of ooze of wax or the like. Therefore, the composition is suitable for production of woodworks. However, when applied to processed articles such as tablewares, there is a possibility that problems for safety may arise.    Patent Document 1: JP-A-Hei07-17571    Patent Document 2: JP-A-2005-119708    Patent Document 3: JP-A-Hei05-320401    Patent Document 4: JP-A-Hei05-278738    Patent Document 5: JP-A-Hei05-57833    Patent Document 6: JP-A-2002-355932    Patent Document 7: JP-A-Hei06-248040    Patent Document 8: JP-A-2004-137726    Patent Document 9: JP-A-2005-23262    Patent Document 10: Translation of PCT application No. 9-5009241. Field
One embodiment of the invention relates to a panel attachment assembly and method for fixing, to a housing, a cover panel for covering, for example, a liquid crystal display panel. It also relates to a telephone with a liquid crystal display panel and a cover panel for covering the liquid crystal display panel.
2. Description of the Related Art
Office or home telephones incorporate a display for displaying, for example, a telephone number, calendar, time, and dialing/incoming states. Displays have a liquid crystal display panel fitted in a housing, a rectangular opening formed in the upper surface of the housing, and a transparent cover panel held in the opening by a holding frame (see, for example, Jpn. Pat. Appln. KOKAI Publication No. 2000-305477).
The opening is defined by four edges and positioned at an easily viewable position on the upper surface of the housing. The holding frame holds the outer periphery of the cover panel and is fitted in the opening. As a result, the cover panel faces the display surface of the liquid crystal display panel. The display surface can be seen from the outside of the telephone via the cover panel.
In the conventional display, the edges defining the opening are provided on the upper surface of the housing, therefore the size of the cover panel may be limited, or the outward design of the telephone may be limited. In view of this, in recent years, it has been attempted to extend the opening of the housing so as to open at a corner defined by the upper surface and a side surface of the housing, and to expose an end face of the cover panel through the extended opening. This structure can enhance the flexibility in design of the display.
When the end face of the cover panel is exposed to the outside through the opening, the outer periphery of the cover panel cannot be held by a holding frame. In this case, to fix the cover panel to the housing, it is possible, for example, to adhere an end of the cover panel to the housing by an adhesive, or to provide an engagement claw on the back surface of the cover panel and engage the claw with the housing.
However, the fixing method of adhering the cover panel to the housing requires the process of coating an adhesive on the cover panel or housing, which increases the manufacturing cost of the display. Furthermore, once the cover panel is adhered to the housing, it cannot easily be exchanged for another.
In addition, since the cover panel is made transparent so that the display surface of the liquid crystal display panel can be seen from the outside of the telephone, the adhesive or engagement claw will be seen from the outside through the transparent cover panel. This is not preferable in outward appearance.
Moreover, since the engagement claw projects from the back surface of the cover panel, it is difficult to make the entire back surface flat. As a result, if it has come to be necessary to mask a certain area on the back surface of the cover panel, the back surface cannot be subjected to coating or printing since the engagement claw is in the way.
Therefore, to mask the cover panel, it is necessary to interpose a dedicated masking sheet or decoration sheet between the cover panel and housing, which inevitably increases the number of required components and accordingly the manufacturing cost.This invention relates to a demodulator for a code-division multiple-access (CDMA) communication system of the block-spreading type.
CDMA is a spread-spectrum system employed in personal communication systems and other mobile communication systems, in which multiple stations transmit simultaneously over the same frequency band. In a block-spreading CDMA system, data to be transmitted are divided for modulation into P-bit blocks. Each block is converted to a Q-chip codeword, which is then further modulated by a spreading code to generate a baseband transmit signal. (P and Q are positive integers.) The Q-chip codewords are mutually orthogonal and are the same at all transmitting stations, but each station uses a different spreading code. A receiver demodulates the data transmitted from a particular station by, for example, multiplying the incoming baseband signal by that station's spreading code, correlating each resulting block with all possible codewords, and selecting the codeword that gives the highest correlation.
It is known that the channel capacity of such a system can be improved if the receiver takes steps to cancel interference between different transmitting stations. One interference-canceling system relies on the fact that signals from different transmitting stations usually arrive with different strengths. The receiver first demodulates the strongest signal, then cancels it out as interference and demodulates the strongest remaining signal, continuing in this way until all signals have been demodulated. Unfortunately, this system does not work well when several signals arrive with substantially the same strength.
Another possible system demodulates the signals from all transmitting stations in parallel, subtracting the estimated interference generated by each station from the signals of all the other stations. The process can be iterated to obtain increasingly accurate estimates of the transmitted signals and their interference. This system appears to work well in theory, but when its actual behavior is simulated it performs poorly, because it fails to take maximum advantage of the available interference information. The initial estimates of interference from a given station, for example, are always derived from a signal from which interference has not yet been removed.1. Field
Apparatuses and methods consistent with exemplary embodiments relate to a controlling a peripheral device connected to a display apparatus and, more particularly, to controlling the peripheral device based on the booting time of the peripheral device.
2. Description of the Related Art
With development of technology, an electronic apparatus may provide various services and functions including phone call, data transmission, and multitasking functions.
The display apparatus may be connected to various peripheral devices such as a set-top box, a DVD player, and a home theater, and may receive and output contents provided by the respective peripheral devices.
In order to receive contents from various peripheral devices, a user may control the operation of each peripheral device by using a remote controller for controlling each peripheral device.
Recently, an integrated remote controller capable of controlling a display apparatus and a peripheral device in an integrated manner has been developed. Therefore, a user may control operations of a display apparatus and a peripheral device which is connected to the display apparatus through the integrated remote controller.
Particularly, it is possible to control power of a display apparatus and a peripheral device connected to the display apparatus through the integrated remote controller. That is, the display apparatus may boot the operating system of the display apparatus according to a turn-on command received from the integrated remote controller, and may transmit a turn-on signal for turning on the peripheral device to the integrated remote controller when the booting is completed. Accordingly, the integrated remote controller transmits, to the peripheral device, an infrared (IR) signal with respect to a control command included in the turn-on signal received from the display apparatus, and the peripheral device can perform the process of booting the operating system of the peripheral device according to the IR signal received from the integrated remote controller
However, when the display apparatus and the peripheral device are controlled by the related-art integrated remote controller, the display apparatus may not recognize that the peripheral device is being booted according to the IR signal received from the integrated remote controller. Instead, the display apparatus may determine that the power of the peripheral device is turned off and may provide a user interface (UI) for controlling power of the peripheral device.
Since the boot time of all the peripheral devices is not the same, if the peripheral device requires a long boot time, the display apparatus may determine that the power of the peripheral device is turned off even though the peripheral device is booting its operating system, thereby providing a power-related UI of the corresponding peripheral device.
Accordingly, upon receiving a user request, the integrated remote controller may retransmit a related IR signal to the peripheral device while the peripheral device is booting its operating system, and therefore the peripheral device may reboot the operating system according to the IR signal retransmitted from the integrated remote controller. Therefore, there may be a problem that, it takes a long time for contents provided by the peripheral device to be output through the display apparatus, and the user may erroneously perceive that the peripheral device is malfunctioning even though the peripheral device is operating normally.Recently, reduction of a vehicle noise (for example, an airflow noise or machine sound) in a vehicle such as a passenger car has been further developed. However, according to continually increasing of needs for a comfortable riding environment, a necessity for a reduction of tire noise has increased more than before.
In order to reduce a noise of tread with respect to a road, various shapes of tread have been developed. A purpose of such a noise reduction technique is for dispersing noise frequencies generated by the tread to wideband frequencies, so as to reduce the noise near to a level of so-called white noise.
Further, relatively high temperature heat is generated from the tire mounted on the vehicle due to a high-speed rotation thereof or friction with the road surface. However, rubber which is a major component of the tire has a low heat dissipation performance due to the material characteristics thereof. For this reason, heat generated from the tire is not properly transmitted to an outside, therefore the lifespan of each component may be shortened, and the tire may be separated or ruptured due to a serious deterioration in tire durability. In particular, radial tires for trucks or buses which are used in harsh conditions, or run-flat tires for the purpose of traveling in an emergency situation are greatly influenced by durability due to a temperature.
When the run-flat tire travels in an emergency situation (in the case that pressure inside the tire is 0 psi), a periodically fluctuating load is applied to the tire, which causes a bending and stretching motion of the sidewall. When the inside of the tire is filled with air, a degree of bending and stretching motion in the sidewall is relatively small, but when the run-flat tire travels in an emergency situation of 0 psi, the degree thereof becomes large. In this case, heat is generated from the side wall by the continuously repeated large bending and stretching motion and thermal stress is continuously applied to sidewall reinforcing rubber for supporting the tire against load, causing a rupture in the tire.
In order to solve the problems, techniques for forming protruded cooling fins on the sidewall have been developed. For example, Korean Patent Laid-Open Publication No. 10-2010-0070796 discloses a pneumatic tire including blade-shaped structures and cooling fins formed on a sidewall for improving heat dissipation performance. However, these techniques have a problem that a resonance phenomenon occurs by an airflow noise generated during high speed air collapsing due to the cooling fins, and thereby the noise is significantly increased.
Accordingly, a technique capable of reducing an amount of heat convection in the sidewall from which a lot of heat is generated, as well as decreasing the airflow noise is required for a pneumatic tire.
In addition, for a conventional tire, since cooling fins are formed at fixed intervals for reducing heat generation and turbulence regularly generated by the collision of high speed air is insufficient for effectively radiating heat. That is, if sufficient turbulence is not generated, the air resistance does not easily decrease.
Accordingly, there is still a need for the pneumatic tire to reduce the amount of heat convection in the sidewall from which a lot of heat is generated, as well as efficiently decrease the air resistance.This invention relates to the detection of components of the antigen-antibody reaction by solid phase immunoassay techniques, more particularly to enzyme immunoassay.
Many immunoassay procedures for detecting antigens, antibodies and haptens in body fluids are known in the immunoassay art. Radio-immunoassay techniques are numerous and have been shown to be highly sensitive. Numerous enzyme-immunoassay techniques are also known, including competitive, double antibody solid phase ("DASP") and sandwich procedures. Both classes of solid phase immunoassays have been performed using various solid supports, including finely divided cellulose, solid beads or discs, polystyrene tubes and microtiter plates.
Enzyme immunoassays have included color formation as an indicator of a result. Degree of color formation has been used for quantitative determinations. Colorimeters have been used for automatic quantitative determinations based on color gradations of analytical solutions.
Dot enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays using nitrocellulose filters as the solid phase have recently been described by Hawkes et al., "A Dot-Immunobinding Assay for Mono-clonal and Other Antibodies," Anal. Biochem. 119, 142-147 (1982). Hawkes et al. described putting antigen spots on nitrocellulose filters, cutting out areas containing spots, and either placing the cut-out portions in the wells of microtiter plates for enzyme immunoassasy or, where a range of different antigens are to be screened, using nitrocellulose strips. Similarly, Pappas et al., "Dot Enzyme-Linked Immunosorbent Assay (Dot-ELISA): a Micro Technique for the Rapid Diagnosis of Visceral Leishmaniasis," J. Imm. Meth. 64, 205-214 (1983), have disclosed a dot assay for parasites. Both Hawkes et al. and Pappas et al. asserted advantages of nitrocellulose dot (or spot) assays, including not only a reduced need for bound reagent, but also the almost-whiteness of nitrocellulose as a background for color reading. Pappas et al. also stressed the improved binding of bound reagent to nitrocellulose as compared to microtiter plate wells. Hawkes et al. disclosed a quantitative procedure in which reflectance of spots was determined by a thin layer scanner.
Also known in the art are pregnancy tests which utilize dipsticks coated or partially coated with bound antibody to HCG, such as the PREGNASTICK pregnancy test kit sold by Monoclonal Antibodies, Inc. Enzyme immunoassay procedures are used to change the color of the coated portion of the dipstick.
The myriad assays in the prior art, while providing in some instances very high sensitivity, suffer from a variety of drawbacks. Radio-immunoassay procedures require the handling of radioactive materials, as well as their disposal, and expensive equipment. Many enzyme-immunoassay procedures produce soluble color solutions, are used with colorimeters, and require incubation periods longer than desired. Enzyme immunoassay pregnancy tests utilize single-use kits, which are thrown away after a single use. The nitrocellulose-based dot tests utilize a solid support which may absorb reactants, which can lead to background color and reduced sensitivity. Further, nitrocellulose is fragile, making it difficult to handle.
It is a principal object of this invention to provide an improved immunoassay kit and protocol which eliminates drawbacks, discussed above, of the prior art and is capable of achieving an immunoassay which is sensitive, fast, inexpensive, which does not require expensive and delicate instruments, which is usable for multiple assays, and which can be made for a qualitative or a quantitative test. This and other objects of this invention will be better understood by reference to the description which follows.1. Field of the Invention
This invention relates to electricity power generation, and particularly provides an electrical power generation device (generator) utilizing the oscillating action of the Karman vortex street to generate the induced alternate current. This device converts the energy from fluid motion to useable energy.
2. Description of the Related Art
Reynold's number, Re, a non-dimensional number which is defined as the ratio of fluid inertia to viscosity force, is often used to describe fluid flow. The Re for compressible fluid is defined as follows,
                              Re          =                                    ρ              ⁢                                                          ⁢                              V                ∞                            ⁢              L                        μ                          ,                            (        1        )            where ρ, V∞, μ is respectively the density, velocity, and dynamic viscosity of the fluid, and L is the characteristic length. When fluid passes a non-streamlined body (or called body, or vortex generating body) in a given rang of Re, since the adverse pressure gradient exists in the boundary layer of the fluid on the body, the fluid starts to separate with the time developing. A lot of experimental and theoretical studies had shown that when Re is from 50 to 500, the vortices are continuously and periodically shed from each side of the body and the rotation direction of the paired vortices is alternate. Two stable, regularly spaced rows of vortices with laminar core are formed in the wake behind the body. This fluid motion pattern is called the Karman vortex street, named after the Germany fluid dynamist Theodore Von Karman (1881-1963), owning to his exploring research on this fluid motion. FIG. 1 presents the pattern of the Karman vortex street. The circulation conservation law can explain the formation of the Karman vortex street. It means that when a vortex produces, another vortex with apposite circulation surely exists. In practices, when flows pass the buildings, electrical lines, bridge piles, etc., the Karman vortex street will appear. Another non-dimensional parameter, Strouhal number, also describes the relation between the vortex shedding frequency and fluid velocity in the Karman vortex Street. The Strouhal number, St, is defined as
                              St          =                      fL                          V              ∞                                      ,                            (        2        )            where f is the vortex shedding frequency and the other variables are same as before. Under a range of Re, the Strouhal number is fixed, therefore, the fluid velocity can be found by measuring the vortex shedding frequency, which is the basic principle of the widely used Karman vortex flow meters.
The vortices in the Karman Vortex Street behind the vortex generating body are conducted to downstream. At the same time, because of the circulation around a vortex, a force along the lateral direction (perpendicular to the fluid direction) acts on the vortex. This force is called lift. In the Karman vortex street, fluid behaviors alternately force along the two rows of vortices. According to the principle of action and opposite action, the alternate shedding of vortices can create periodic lateral force on the body, which induces the body oscillation. In engineering practices, this oscillation could make the body fatigued and damaged. For example, the accident of Tcomn Narrow Bridge was caused by the Karman vortex street.
To convert this oscillating energy generated by the Karman Vortex Street to the usable energy, such as electrical power, is the purpose of this invention.The present invention relates to electronic storage media and, more particularly, to a data card having a retractable handle for use in connection with electronic devices.
The utilization of electronic devices has become pervasive in our society. As the need for electronic devices grows, the consuming public demands smaller and more portable devices to promote their convenient utilization. A significant drawback associated with minimizing the size and weight of electronic devices is the countervailing need to provide increasing memory capabilities. The constantly expanding memory requirements of electronic devices often impedes or precludes a manufacturer's ability to reduce the size and weight of the devices.
In recent years, though, removable electronic storage media have been developed to expand the functions of electronic devices. Such storage media are small and lightweight. They are adapted to be selectively interchangeable in the device so that the device's memory can be selectively augmented to perform a particular application. Perhaps most common among these media are magnetic tapes, floppy disks and their associated drives, which are often used in connection with personal computers. In other, more portable devices where damage to the electronic storage media is a more significant threat, the media is often placed within a protective shell or housing so that when the storage media is not in use with its associated device, the media is protected from external environmental conditions and physical damage.
One increasingly common form of such protective electronic storage devices are data cards. Data cards are well known in the art and typically include a small hard plastic housing for containing the data storage medium. The cards can be interchangeably inserted within the device and easily replaced to provide the device with virtually limitless memory. To add memory, the user need only insert a new data card suited to the particular application. Data cards are particularly useful for hand-held devices where portability is critical, such as with navigation and avionics devices. However, a significant problem has arisen relating to the use of data cards in portable electronic devices.
It is inherent in utilization of a data card that it be configured so that the user can grasp the card to insert and remove it from the device when necessary. This configuration necessitates that a portion of the data card extend beyond the device so that it may be grasped. The projection of the data card from the device is not aesthetically pleasing. More importantly, this extension of the data card from the device is likely to be bumped or snagged, thereby damaging the data card and the storage media contained therein. If the device is in use, any physical contact with the data card could impede the functioning of the device or, even worse, cause the device to become nonfunctional. Ironically, the primary utility of the data card--its interchangeability--is also its primary drawback.
A variety of current designs for data cards have proved somewhat satisfactory in overcoming this drawback These designs usually entail the substantially complete insertion of the data card into the device so that it presents a relatively flush profile with the outer surface of the device. This flush configuration, however, makes it difficult for the user to manipulate the card to remove it and replace it when necessary. While the flush configuration is desirable for aesthetic reasons and to protect the media contained in the data card, the flush configuration has created significant problems in actually using the data card. If the data card cannot be removed, the practical memory capacity of the device is basically limited to a single card and, thus, the overall utility of the device is substantially reduced.Assume that the surface of a table on which a workpiece is mounted is flat, and the thickness (plate thickness) of the workpiece is substantially uniform. In this case, a measured height of the top surface of the workpiece at a desired position may be regarded as the height of the top surface of the workpiece. When a hole is machined out in the workpiece, the depth of the hole is generally designated on the basis of the surface of the workpiece. Accordingly, if the position (height) of the top surface of the workpiece is determined, a hole which is superior in depth-direction accuracy can be machined out.
There may be a variation in the plate thickness of the workpiece. In this case, the height of the top surface of the workpiece may be measured at every place to be machined. Alternatively the height of the top surface of the workpiece may be measured at a plurality of places, and an average value of the measured values may be regarded as the height of the top surface of the workpiece when the workpiece is machined.
When a hole is machined out with a mechanical drill, a surface height Zn of a workpiece at a place to be drilled is detected, and compared with an average value Zm of surface heights at N positions, which have been drilled immediately before the aforementioned place to be drilled. When the absolute value of the difference (Zn−Zm) is smaller than a predetermined value δ, drilling is performed. When the absolute value is not smaller than the value δ, it is decided that swarf or the like is caught between the workpiece surface and a substrate pressure plate, and the machining is suspended. Drilling is resumed after such a cause is removed (Patent Document 1).
In recent years, lasers have been used as means for machining small-diameter holes. When a hole is machined by use of a laser beam, the outer shape of the laser beam is shaped into a desired shape by an aperture, and converged by a lens so that an image of the aperture is formed, for example, on the surface of a workpiece. In this case, the allowable value for height variation of the image position is not larger than 30 μm.
Patent Document 1: JP-A-9-277140
The time of machining by a laser is an order of milliseconds. It is therefore not practical to measure the height of the surface of a workpiece in every machining time as shown in Patent Document 1. Even when the height of the top surface of the workpiece from the surface of the table is measured only at a plurality of places, the measuring time becomes longer than the machining time. Thus, the total machining time becomes impractically long.
The plate thickness of a workpiece where holes will be machined by a laser is generally substantially uniform. It has been therefore believed that the machining quality will be uniform if the height of the top surface of the workpiece is measured at one place. However, there has occurred a variation in machining quality in spite of the uniform plate thickness of the workpiece.
The present inventors discovered the following fact. That is, there may be irregularities of about 10-30 μm high in the table surface which has been regarded as flat. The height of those irregularities is close to the allowable value for height variation of the image position. Thus, there occurs a deterioration in machining quality.1. Field
One embodiment of the invention relates to a video content recording apparatus which records copyright-protected video content transferred from a source apparatus, and a video content transfer method.
2. Description of the Related Art
Content currently available via digital terrestrial and digital DBS broadcasting is copyright-protected and may not be duplicated. In order to use the content on an apparatus different from the one on which it was recorded, the content must be moved in advance.
When moving copyright-protected content between apparatuses through a network or the like, a content moving method defined by various standards is typically used so that unauthorized copies cannot be made.
Initially, the destination apparatus issues a transfer request for the content to the source apparatus. In response, the source apparatus transfers the content to the destination apparatus. Here, the destination apparatus records the content but not in a usable state (referred to as the inactive state, the usable state in the source apparatus, on the other hand, being referred to as the active state). The processing so far will be referred to as transfer processing.
After the entire content has been transferred, the destination apparatus issues a deactivation request for the content to the source apparatus. In response, the source apparatus deletes the content and reports the deletion to the destination apparatus. The destination apparatus makes the content usable. The processing so far from the end of the transfer processing will be referred to as move confirmation processing.
This method eliminates the period where usable content coexists in both apparatuses, and can thus move the content while preventing the creation of unauthorized copies. The content moving method described above will be referred to as a transaction-based move.
Since it takes time to move content, it is inconvenient, entailing a long wait, to move content from scratch after a need arises to use the content.
Suppose, for example, that one wishes to move content from a DVD recorder or the like to a cellular phone when going out and to view the content with the cellular phone away from home. He/she then needs to wait for the transfer time if the content moving operation is performed from scratch before going out. For example, when an hour's content recorded at 25 Mbps is transmitted through a 100Base network with an effective rate of 50 Mbps, the transfer time to wait up to the end of the transfer is as much as approximately 30 minutes.
With copiable content, it is possible to copy all the content to the destination apparatus anyway instead of moving. The content then can be selected anytime to keep the needed for use and delete the unneeded. The content deleted from the destination apparatus will not be completely lost since the same content is still in the source apparatus.
Content that can only be moved, on the other hand, will be lost permanently from both the apparatuses if it is moved in advance and then deleted during selection, being determined not to be used this time. To avoid this, if the content is kept undeleted in the destination apparatus, the storage capacity will be wasted. Moving the content back to the original apparatus for this reason eventually takes time.
Jpn. Pat. Appln. Laid-Open Publication No. 2006-185473 discloses a technique for reducing the waiting time of move processing in a digital content recording and reproducing apparatus, by moving content under reproduction while maintaining a move condition even during reproduction.
The technique disclosed in Jpn. Pat. Appln. Laid-Open Publication No. 2006-185473 is not a fundamental solution, however, since the time from the occurrence of a need to the completion of a move is unchanged.People are dependent on Internet-connected computers and mobile phones, which in turn are reliant on central infrastructure in the form of the internet (e.g., domain name servers) and cell towers, respectively to operate. If any kind of scenario arises where that central infrastructure is unavailable or suffering degraded performance, the computers and mobile phones are not able to communicate with other computers and mobile phones.
Smartphones integrate a broad range of communication functions with general purpose computational capabilities. Further, smartphones can also route and bridge communications between different communication bands and protocols, and thus can provide Internet connectivity and service to other devices.
Two distinct types of ubiquitous wireless data communication networks have developed: cellular telephone networks having a maximum range of about 20-50 miles line of sight or 3 miles in hilly terrain, and short-range local-area computer networks (wireless local-area networks or WLANs) having a maximum range of about 0.2 miles (˜1000 feet IEEE-802.11n 2.4 GHz) outdoors line of sight. First, the cellular infrastructure for wireless telephony involves long-distance communication between mobile phones and central basestations, where the basestations are typically linked to tall cell towers, connecting to the public switched telephone network and the Internet. The radio band for these long-range wireless networks is typically a regulated, licensed band, and the network is managed to combine both broad bandwidth (˜5-20 MHz) and many simultaneous users. This should be contrasted with a short-range wireless computer network, which may link multiple users to a central router or hub, which router may itself have a wired connection to the Internet. A key example is Wi-Fi, which is managed according to the IEEE-802.11x communications standards, with a data rate theoretically over 1 gigabit per second (802.11ac) and a range that is typically much less than 100 m. Other known standard examples are known by the terms Bluetooth and ZigBee. The radio band for a WLAN is typically an unlicensed band, such as one of the ISM bands (industrial, scientific, and medical), or more recently, a whitespace band formerly occupied by terrestrial analog television (WSLAN). One implication of such an unlicensed band is the unpredictable presence of significant interference due to other classes of users, which tends to limit either the range, or the bandwidth, or both. For such local area networks, a short range (low power and high modulation rates) becomes advantageous for high rates of spatial band reuse and acceptable levels of interference.
Ad hoc networks or mesh networks are also known. These protocols permit peer-to-peer communications between devices over a variety of frequency bands, and a range of capabilities. In a multihop network, communications are passed from one node to another in series between the source and destination. Because of various risks, as the number of hops grows, the reliability of a communication successfully reaching its destination decreases, such that hop counts of more than 10 or 20 in a mobility permissive network are rarely considered feasible. A typical mesh network protocol maintains a routing table at each node, which is then used to control the communication. This routing table may be established proactively or reactively. In proactive routing, the network state information is pushed to the various nodes, often appended to other communications, such that when a communication is to be established, the nodes rely on the then-current routing information to control the communication. This paradigm suffers from the possibility of stale or incorrect routing information or overly burdensome administrative overhead, or both. Reactive routing seeks to determine the network state at the time of, and for the purpose of, a single communication, and therefore may require significant communications possibly far exceeding the amount of data to be communicated in order to establish a link. Because the network state is requested at the time of communication, there is less opportunity to piggyback the administrative information on other communications. There are also various hybrid ad hoc network routing protocols, which seek to compromise between these two strategies, and other paradigms as well. See, e.g., U.S. Pat. Nos. and Pub. Patent Appl. Nos. 6,584,080; 6,625,135; 6,628,620; 6,718,394; 6,754,192; 6,763,013; 6,763,014; 6,870,846; 6,894,985; 6,898,529; 6,906,741; 6,954,435; 6,961,310; 6,975,614; 6,977,608; 6,986,161; 7,007,102; 7,027,426; 7,028,687; 7,068,600; 7,068,605; 7,075,919; 7,079,552; 7,082,117; 7,085,290; 7,096,037; 7,142,866; 7,170,425; 7,176,807; 7,216,282; 7,251,238; 7,266,085; 7,281,057; 7,299,038; 7,299,042; 7,308,369; 7,308,370; 7,317,898; 7,327,998; 7,346,167; 7,348,895; 7,356,001; 7,362,711; 7,366,111; 7,366,544; 7,382,765; 7,389,295; 7,394,798; 7,394,826; 7,418,238; 7,420,944; 7,427,927; 7,428,221; 7,450,517; 7,453,864; 7,457,834; 7,468,954; 7,480,248; 7,495,578; 7,529,561; 7,535,883; 7,536,388; 7,539,759; 7,545,285; 7,567,577; 7,580,730; 7,580,782; 7,581,095; 7,587,001; 7,590,589; 7,599,696; 7,602,738; 7,616,961; 7,656,851; 7,657,354; 7,660,318; 7,660,950; 7,678,068; 7,693,484; 7,695,446; 7,702,594; 7,706,282; 7,706,842; 7,710,932; 7,719,988; 7,725,080; 7,729,336; 7,742,399; 7,742,430; 7,746,794; 7,753,795; 7,764,617; 7,778,235; 7,788,387; 7,808,985; 7,813,451; 7,817,623; 7,830,820; 7,843,861; 7,849,139; 7,852,826; 7,860,025; 7,860,081; 7,860,968; 7,873,019; 7,881,474; 7,886,075; 7,894,828; 7,898,993; 7,902,973; 7,905,640; 7,912,645; 7,924,796; 7,929,914; 7,936,732; 7,941,188; 7,944,878; 7,957,355; 7,961,650; 7,962,101; 7,962,154; 7,969,914; 7,970,418; 7,974,402; 7,978,062; 7,979,311; 7,983,835; 7,990,947; 7,996,558; 8,035,479; 8,040,863; 8,042,048; 8,059,620; 8,060,017; 8,060,308; 8,065,166; 8,065,411; 8,072,906; 8,073,384; 8,090,596; 8,099,108; 8,099,307; 8,108,228; 8,108,429; 8,115,617; 8,121,628; 8,121,870; 8,130,708; 8,131,569; 8,131,838; 8,134,950; 8,135,362; 8,138,934; 8,139,504; 8,144,596; 8,144,619; 8,151,140; 8,161,097; 8,170,577; 8,170,957; 8,171,364; 8,174,381; 8,180,294; 8,184,681; 8,195,483; 8,195,628; 8,200,246; 8,203,463; 8,213,895; 8,239,169; 8,249,984; 8,256,681; 8,266,657; 8,271,449; 8,275,824; 8,289,182; 8,289,186; 8,300,615; 8,311,533; 8,315,231; 8,319,658; 8,319,833; 8,320,302; 8,320,414; 8,323,189; 8,325,612; 8,330,649; 8,332,055; 8,334,787; 8,335,207; 8,335,814; 8,341,279; 8,341,289; 8,345,098; 8,346,846; 8,352,420; 8,359,643; 8,363,662; 8,364,648; 8,369,880; 8,370,697; 8,373,556; 8,373,588; 8,374,352; 8,385,550; 8,386,278; 8,392,541; 8,395,498; 8,396,602; 8,400,507; 8,401,564; 8,406,153; 8,406,239; 8,406,252; 8,428,517; 8,441,958; 8,442,520; 8,447,419; 8,447,849; 8,451,744; 8,463,238; 8,467,991; 8,472,348; 8,473,989; 8,475,368; 8,489,765; 8,494,458; 8,495,244; 8,496,181; 8,502,148; 8,502,640; 8,503,309; 8,504,921; 8,509,762; 8,509,765; 8,514,915; 8,515,547; 8,520,535; 8,520,676; 8,521,156; 8,525,692; 8,527,622; 8,533,758; 8,544,023; 8,547,875; 8,548,607; 8,553,688; 8,559,442; 8,560,274; 8,571,046; 8,571,518; 8,577,391; 8,578,015; 8,578,054; 8,583,671; 8,583,978; 8,587,427; 8,588,108; 8,593,419; 8,593,986; 8,595,359; 8,600,830; 8,612,583; 8,615,257; 8,619,576; 8,619,789; 8,620,772; 8,620,784; 8,621,577; 8,622,837; 8,624,771; 8,625,515; 8,626,344; 8,630,177; 8,630,291; 8,630,314; 8,631,101; 8,636,395; 8,638,667; 8,638,763; 8,652,038; 8,654,627; 8,654,649; 8,665,890; 8,667,084; 8,670,416; 8,675,678; 8,682,982; 8,693,322; 8,699,333; 8,699,368; 8,699,377; 8,700,301; 8,700,302; 8,700,536; 8,707,785; 8,712,711; 8,715,072; 8,718,055; 8,719,563; 8,725,274; 8,727,978; 8,730,047; 8,730,875; 8,732,454; 8,738,944; 8,743,750; 8,743,768; 8,743,866; 8,747,313; 8,751,063; 8,751,644; 8,755,763; 8,756,449; 8,760,339; 8,761,175; 8,761,285; 8,762,852; 8,769,442; 8,774,050; 8,774,946; 8,780,201; 8,780,953; 8,781,462; 8,787,392; 8,787,944; 8,788,516; 8,792,850; 8,792,880; 8,797,878; 8,798,094; 8,799,220; 8,799,510; 8,800,010; 8,804,603; 8,806,633; 8,812,419; 8,817,665; 8,818,522; 8,819,172; 8,819,191; 8,823,795; 8,824,471; 8,830,837; 8,831,279; 8,831,869; 8,832,428; 8,837,277; 8,842,180; 8,842,630; 8,843,156; 8,848,970; 8,855,794; 8,855,830; 8,856,323; 8,861,390; 8,862,774; 8,867,329; 8,868,374; 8,872,379; 8,872,767; 8,872,915; 8,873,391; 8,873,526; 8,874,477; 8,874,788; 8,879,604; 8,879,613; 8,880,060; 8,885,501; 8,885,630; 8,886,227; 8,891,534; 8,891,588; 8,892,271; 8,908,516; 8,908,536; 8,908,621; 8,908,626; 8,918,480; 8,923,186; 8,923,422; 8,930,361; 8,934,366; 8,934,496; 8,937,886; 8,938,270; 8,942,301; 8,948,046; 8,948,229; 8,949,959; 8,954,582; 8,959,539; 8,964,762; 8,964,787; 8,965,288; 8,970,392; 8,970,394; 8,971,188; 8,972,159; 8,976,007; 20020039357; 20020071160; 20020083316; 20030202468; 20030202469; 20030202476; 20030202512; 20030204587; 20030204616; 20040022223; 20040022224; 20040028000; 20040028016; 20040029553; 20040042417; 20040042434; 20040057409; 20040160943; 20040174900; 20040203385; 20040203820; 20040210657; 20040218548; 20040218582; 20040219909; 20040223497; 20040223498; 20040223499; 20040223500; 20040228343; 20040264466; 20050041591; 20050053003; 20050053004; 20050053005; 20050053007; 20050053094; 20050054346; 20050141706; 20050157661; 20050254473; 20050259588; 20050259595; 20050265259; 20050276608; 20060002328; 20060007863; 20060023632; 20060030318; 20060092043; 20060095199; 20060126535; 20060167784; 20060176829; 20060227724; 20060229090; 20060251115; 20060291404; 20060291485; 20060291864; 20070038743; 20070087756; 20070087758; 20070110024; 20070153737; 20070153764; 20070214046; 20070223436; 20070229231; 20070280174; 20070286097; 20070297808; 20080040507; 20080051036; 20080051099; 20080117896; 20080130640; 20080159151; 20080159358; 20080240050; 20080247353; 20080252485; 20080262893; 20080267116; 20080273487; 20080291843; 20080310390; 20090046688; 20090061835; 20090062887; 20090086663; 20090097490; 20090185508; 20090210495; 20090215411; 20090219194; 20090228575; 20090323519; 20100014444; 20100017045; 20100097957; 20100123572; 20100124196; 20100125671; 20100152619; 20100187832; 20100235285; 20100254309; 20100317420; 20100329274; 20110004513; 20110078461; 20110080853; 20110085530; 20110187527; 20110133924; 20110204720; 20110211534; 20110228696; 20110228788; 20110231573; 20110235550; 20110267981; 20110273568; 20110314504; 20120005041; 20120039186; 20120039190; 20120113807; 20120113863; 20120113986; 20120116559; 20120117208; 20120117213; 20120117268; 20120117438; 20120134548; 20120154633; 20120155260; 20120155276; 20120155284; 20120155329; 20120155397; 20120155463; 20120155475; 20120155511; 20120158933; 20120182867; 20120188968; 20120208592; 20120210233; 20120213124; 20120224743; 20120230204; 20120230222; 20120230370; 20120233326; 20120233485; 20120242501; 20120243621; 20120254338; 20120275642; 20120277893; 20120280908; 20120282905; 20120282911; 20120284012; 20120284122; 20120284339; 20120284593; 20120307624; 20120307629; 20120307652; 20120307653; 20120307825; 20120320768; 20120320790; 20120320923; 20120324273; 20130010590; 20130010615; 20130010798; 20130013806; 20130013809; 20130016612; 20130016757; 20130016758; 20130016759; 20130018993; 20130019005; 20130022042; 20130022046; 20130022053; 20130022083; 20130022084; 20130024149; 20130024560; 20130028095; 20130028103; 20130028104; 20130028140; 20130028143; 20130028295; 20130031253; 20130045759; 20130051250; 20130055383; 20130064072; 20130067063; 20130069780; 20130080307; 20130083658; 20130086601; 20130088999; 20130089011; 20130094536; 20130094537; 20130111038; 20130121331; 20130122807; 20130124883; 20130128773; 20130151563; 20130169838; 20130177025; 20130178718; 20130183952; 20130188471; 20130188513; 20130191688; 20130201891; 20130215739; 20130215942; 20130219045; 20130219046; 20130219478; 20130223218; 20130223225; 20130223229; 20130223237; 20130223275; 20130227055; 20130227114; 20130227336; 20130250754; 20130250808; 20130250809; 20130250811; 20130250866; 20130250945; 20130250953; 20130250969; 20130251053; 20130251054; 20130259096; 20130279365; 20130279540; 20130283347; 20130283360; 20130286942; 20130290560; 20130308495; 20130310896; 20130315131; 20130336316; 20140006893; 20140016643; 20140022906; 20140029432; 20140029445; 20140029603; 20140029610; 20140029624; 20140036912; 20140036925; 20140055284; 20140064172; 20140068105; 20140081793; 20140092752; 20140092753; 20140092769; 20140092905; 20140095864; 20140105015; 20140105027; 20140105033; 20140105211; 20140108643; 20140114554; 20140114555; 20140121476; 20140122673; 20140126348; 20140126354; 20140126423; 20140126426; 20140126431; 20140126610; 20140129734; 20140129876; 20140136881; 20140195668; 20140219078; 20140219103; 20140219114; 20140219133; 20140222725; 20140222726; 20140222727; 20140222728; 20140222729; 20140222730; 20140222731; 20140222748; 20140222975; 20140222983; 20140222996; 20140222997; 20140222998; 20140223155; 20140245055; 20140247726; 20140247804; 20140269402; 20140269413; 20140269592; 20140269759; 20140273920; 20140281670; 20140286377; 20140297206; 20140302774; 20140304427; 20140307614; 20140314096; 20140320021; 20140324596; 20140324833; 20140328346; 20140330947; 20140355425; 20140357295; 20140357312; 20140369550; 20140372577; 20140372585; 20140376361; 20140376427; 20140379896; 20140379900; 20150002336; 20150003251; 20150003428; 20150016688; 20150023174; 20150023363; 20150023369; 20150026268; 20150030033; 20150043384; 20150043519; 20150055650; 20150063365; 20150071295; 20150072728, each of which is expressly incorporated herein by reference in its entirety. A much older class of wireless communication technologies comprises voice communication on narrowband analog radio channels, such as paired Walkie-Talkies and Citizens Band (CB) Radio. The set of Citizen's Band services defined by Federal Communications Commission regulations includes the Family Radio Service (FRS) and General Mobile Radio Service (GMRS) which operate at 462 and 467 MHz, Multi-Use Radio Service (MURS) which operates at 150 MHz, the original Citizens Band Radio (CB) which operates at 27 MHz and more recently at 49 MHz, Wireless Medical Telemetry Service (WTMS) at 610, 1400 and 1430 MHz, the Low Power Radio Service (LPRS) at 216-217 MHz, and the Medical Implant Communications Service (MICS) at 402 MHz which are in some cases unlicensed, or easy to obtain a license for the Multi-Use Radio Service, or MURS, is a low power, short range, unlicensed personal radio service in the 150 MHz band. MURS is intended for short-range local voice or data communications. Antenna height is limited to 20 feet above structure or 60 feet above ground, whichever is the greater. Narrow bandwidth transmissions (maximum 11.25 kHz channel bandwidth, with +/−2.5 kHz deviation) intended for voice communications are permissible on all five MURS channels. The older +/−5 kHz deviation signals (with a maximum 20 kHz channel bandwidth) are also permitted (but not required) on the two upper channels (in the 154 MHz band). The range at maximum permitted transmit power of 2 watts is 2-8 miles.
It is noted that certain restrictions on use may be different across the different channels; for example, the MURS is not permitted to communicate with the telephone network, while a licensee controlled band, generally does not have such restrictions. Therefore, the premium band may have qualitative differences in permitted use.
Typically, the highly regulated bands will be geographically licensed, and therefore the transceiver device may require a GPS receiver to determine what bands are available for use. An alternate, however, is to provide a radio frequency scan function to listen for characteristic control channel communications and geographic and/or licensing information, before any communications are sent. Typical rules for band use should not prohibit such automated scanning to determine permissible band usage within the region. A transceiver device may therefore conduct a handshake negotiation with a base station in a particular location to authorize its usage, and to the extent applicable, log usage and charge a prepaid or postpaid user account for the usage.
The wireless telephone system was of course initially developed for voice communications, but another form of communication that has become ubiquitous on SmartPhones is the exchange of brief text messages, which are sent in a “push” manner, and routed by telephone number. Another similar technology is “Instant Messaging”, which sends alphanumeric communications typically over the Internet, to a destination defined by an Internet Protocol (IP) address, or routed by identifier (username) through a central server (similar in function to a domain name server [DNS]). These are small data packets that can be transmitted at low data rates, and sent to specific recipients. This is also somewhat similar to electronic mail between computers, though email routing requires, in addition to a DNS, a sendmail server and a receivemail server. As digital data, these messages can also be encrypted before transmitting and decrypted in the receiver SmartPhone or computer.
Most of the efforts in wireless technology in recent years have focused on maintaining highly reliable voice and data communication for a large number of simultaneous users over broadband channels, in a way that is largely invisible to the user of the wireless device. A typical SmartPhone may have access to both a long-distance cellular phone network, and a WLAN such as Wi-Fi or Bluetooth, as indicated in the Prior Art shown in FIG. 4. But what happens when neither network is available? This may be the case, for example, if a user is located in a wilderness location far from cell phone towers, or during an emergency when such towers are not fully functional. While satellite phone systems are commercially available, most mobile units are incapable of taking advantage of such systems, which requires expensive and high-power devices.
There are some recent and earlier examples of prior art that address one or more of these issues. For example, see: U.S. Pub. App. Nos. 2010/0203878, 2008/0200165, 2012/0023171, 2010/0029216, 2009/0109898, U.S. Pat. Nos. 6,415,158, 8,503,934, 8,165,585, 7,127,250, 8,112,082, 7,512,094, 8,126,473, 2009/0286531, U.S. Pat. Nos. 7,400,903, 6,647,426, 8,248,947, and PCT App. Nos. WO2012/116489, WO2012/078565, each of which is expressly incorporated herein by reference. These citations deal with wireless communications systems with two available bands, which may comprise both licensed and unlicensed bands.
FRS and/or GMRS has been used for various types of data communications, for example, to communicate GPS coordinates between hand-held compatible receivers, such as various Garmin RINO® models. More generally, it is known to transmit digital data over voice channels in radio communications, though these communications are typically conducted between predetermined members of a network, and therefore typically employ in-channel signaling, i.e., a receiver listens on a single channel for both control information and communicated data. For example, the IDAS Digital radio systems (LMR, DroidCONX) employs licensed spectrum to support radio communications between computerized hosts.Among vehicles, there are automobiles of the hatchback type including a back door. In a vehicle body rear part of the vehicle of this type, a back door opening section having a round structure opened and closed by the back door is provided.
In the past, as a method of securing rigidity of the vehicle body rear part of such a vehicle, a high-rigidity section by a closed cross section of the round structure of the back door opening section and a rear side member section of a rear floor of a vehicle body basic structure are coupled and reinforced
However, in the structure of the vehicle body rear part in the past explained above, the high-rigidity section of the round structure of the back door opening section is provided in a position higher than the rear side member section of the rear floor of the vehicle body basic structure. The high-rigidity section of the round structure and the rear side member section of the vehicle body basic structure are laid out apart from each other in a vehicle up-down direction. In this case, it is necessary to add a separate bracket as disclosed in Japanese Patent Laid-Open No. 2006-218995 or substantially extend the high-rigidity section of the round structure of the back door opening section downward in the vehicle as shown in Japanese Examined Utility Model Publication No. H3-12621 to couple the high-rigidity section and the rear side member section. Therefore, in the structure of the vehicle-body rear part in the past, an increase in weight and an increase in costs are caused. Furthermore, it is likely that rigidity in the length direction is deteriorated because the high-rigidity section is vertically long.
In the structure of the vehicle body rear part in the past, when the rear side member section and a closed cross-sectional section in the vehicle width direction of the round structure of the back door opening section are coupled using a reinforcing member, there is a problem in that a load in the up-down direction from the round structure of the backdoor opening section cannot be efficiently transmitted to the rear side member.The conventional method for attaching hardware, such as support brackets and rings for alternate path shunt tubes and bladed centralizers, to oilfield sand screen tubulars and other downhole equipment involves welding such components directly to the production tubular. Welding creates residual stresses in the tubular that can eventually lead to stress or corrosion cracking, surface cracks, and other defects that can ultimately result in the failure of the tubular. However, most welding procedures generally include a post-weld heat treatment designed to minimize the residual stresses and increase the strength of the tubular near the weld joint by re-homogenizing the crystalline structure of the tubular material. However, with increasingly sophisticated metallurgy, such as 25CR-125ksi material commonly used in downhole applications, regaining vital strength properties of the tubular is simply not possible through post-weld heat treatments. Consequently, in applications using modem metallurgy, welding directly to the production tubular will ultimately result in the tubular having reduced strength characteristics as a result of the residual stresses on the tubular.
Moreover, in order to comply with downhole drilling regulations, the tubular weld must also be thoroughly inspected in an effort to identify any weld defects that could eventually propagate into cracks and lead to tubular failure. This inspection is commonly undertaken via non-destructive weld examination methods, such as liquid penetrant inspection. Like many other non-destructive weld inspection methods, liquid penetrant inspection requires an in-depth system of quality control documents, traceability, and personnel training which are inherently time consuming and cost prohibitive for many applications.
There is a need, therefore, for a system and method of attaching downhole equipment hardware to production tubulars without welding such equipment thereto and thereby compromising the structural integrity of the tubular and requiring costly post-weld treatments or inspections.1. Field
This invention relates to chain link fences which have a plurality of decorative, elongate slats woven through the links of the chain link fabric of the fence. More particularly, the present invention relates to improved means for locking and retaining the slats in a uniform position along the fencing. Further, the present invention relates to an improved lower rail element upon which the slats can be supported, with the slats being attachable to the lower rail using novel clip means.
2. State of the Art
It is well known to insert slats in chain link fences to provide privacy and to improve the appearance of the fence. Unfortunately, there are two somewhat related serious problems encountered in using slats in chain link fencing, first, the slats have a tendency to shift longitudinally after being inserted in the wire fabric of the chain link fence so as to become disarranged and uneven. Disarranged, uneven slats greatly impairs the appearance of the fence. The second related problem is that the loosely positioned slats are easy prey for vandals. The slats are unfortunately, easily removed from the fence and discarded by the vandals.
Several methods have been proposed to alleviate these problems. The slats have been secured to the chain links in the fence by using staples, nails and other fasteners. In addition systems have been proposed for interlocking the slats with channel members or elongate rigid connecting members which run along the length of the fence and which engage the slat members. The installation of such systems is a tedious, time consuming, costly operation. No inexpensive, expedient means have been proposed to effectively cope with the vandalism problem. Some of the more complex systems do alleviate the vandalism problem, but unfortunately as stated previously, these systems generally are costly and require tedious time consuming installation. Representative U.S. patents which have been directed to retaining slats in position in chain link fences are:
______________________________________ 2,760,759 3,037,593 4,085,954 2,802,645 3,069,142 4,512,556 ______________________________________
3. Objective
A principal objective of the present invention is to provide a new and improved slat system comprising novel, unique, inexpensive, easily installed clip means for retaining the slats at a uniform position along the fencing and locking the slats into the fence to thwart vandalism.Fires within building structures often start in a single room or location and spread from room-to-room traveling through interior doorways and other openings. As fires progress through building structures burning various combustible materials, a substantial amount of smoke is generally produced with such smoke potentially including toxic gases that are generated when certain materials and chemical compounds are oxidized. While the fires can cause significant property damage and destroy or weaken building structures, the smoke and toxic gases can cause substantial physical injury or death to persons who inhale them. Thus, by limiting the spread of fires and smoke within building structures, damage to property and building structures may be minimized and physical injury to, and the potential death of, persons within building structures may be prevented.
Many attempts have been made to develop devices that limit the spread of fire and smoke through doorways and other openings in building structures. Unfortunately, many of the devices have been found to become mechanically unstable after a fire. Therefore, a number of jurisdictions have begun requiring such devices to pass a test known as the “Hose Stream Test” in order to be approved for use in their jurisdiction. The Hose Stream Test is generally run on a device for limiting the spread of fire and smoke after it has been exposed to high temperatures over a long period of time during a separate fire test. In the Hose Stream Test, a jet of water such as that produced by a fire hose is directed at the device, generally, from a direction that is normal to the device. To pass the Hose Stream Test, the device must withstand the forces exerted on the device by the water jet and not become mechanically unstable.
Typically, the devices that have been developed to limit the spread of fire and smoke fall into two categories. A first type of devices has attempted to limit the spread of fire and smoke by sealing openings with flexible protection members including a plurality of slats. Examples of such devices include fire protection roller shutters, fire doors, and curtains made of metal components that slide over and relative to one another. Advantageously, these devices limit the spread of fire and smoke while being capable of withstanding mechanical loads particularly well, including after exposure to fire. As a consequence, many such devices have passed the Hose Stream Test. Unfortunately, these devices are typically heavy and require a large amount of space. Also, in order to use some of these devices, ceilings in buildings must be designed in a manner that enables the devices to be built into or supported by the ceilings, thereby limiting an architect's design freedom. Additionally, these devices are time-consuming to produce and are, thus, expensive.
A second type of devices, commonly known as “fire protection curtains”, have attempted to limit the spread of fire and smoke by sealing openings with a flexible protection member manufactured from a fire resistant material that can be wound around a reel or winding shaft. The fire resistant materials used in such devices typically include woven textile fabrics having warp and weft threads. The flexible protection members are generally stretched by a plurality of wires that extend between rollers moving in guides mounted relative to an opening in a building wall. Beneficially, these devices reduce the spread of fire and smoke, are relatively light in weight, and save space. However, these devices are generally less resistant to mechanical influences and loads than devices of the first type described above. Additionally, after exposure to the heat of a fire, the flexible protection members tend to become brittle and tear when struck with a stream of extinguishing water during a fire. Consequentially, many of these devices cannot pass the Hose Stream Test.
There is, therefore, a need in the industry for a system for deploying, retracting and supporting fire protection curtains that is lightweight, requires minimal space, is capable of improving the resistance of fire protection curtains to mechanical loads during and after exposure to fire, enables fire protection curtains to pass the Hose Stream Test, and that solves the difficulties, problems, and shortcomings of existing systems.A valve mechanism 90A of a conventional example 1 (Patent Document 1) illustrated in FIG. 8 includes a cam 92 formed on a camshaft 91 and a roller arm 95 including a roller 95a and configured to swing to drive a valve 7 when the roller 95a is pressed by the cam 92.
A variable valve mechanism 90B of a conventional example 2 (Patent Document 2) illustrated in FIG. 9 and a variable valve mechanism 90C of a conventional example 3 (Patent Document 3) illustrated in FIG. 10 are the same as that of the conventional example 1 in including the cam 92 and the roller arm 95, but are different therefrom in including a variable arm 94 interposed between the cam 92 and the roller 95a. The variable arm 94 is operated by a variable device 96, whereby the drive state (the lift amount and the action angle) of the valve 7 is continuously changed.In practice dental treatments, teeth extracted from human bodies and animals have conventionally been used so as to experience the grinding sensation of a natural tooth. However, there are hygienic problems associated with extracted teeth and infection may occur if hygiene control is not sufficiently conducted. Thus it was impossible to conduct training freely. Furthermore since extracted teeth comprise a natural living material, there arises a problem of corruption and it is necessary to pay a careful attention to storage.
Therefore, there has been a need for a method which enables the experience of the grinding sensation of a tooth without using a natural tooth.
Now a tooth for a dental arch model, which is used for practice treatments in the oral cavity, is often produced using an epoxy resin or a melamine resin, and are well known in the art.
However, a tooth for a dental arch model formed of an epoxy resin or a melamine resin is in the form of a natural tooth, but exhibits a grinding sensation different from that of a natural tooth. Therefore, even when performing formation trainings such as abutment tooth formation and cavity preparation, grinding sensation and handling properties are different from those of actual dental works in the oral cavity, and thus the training effect could not be obtained.
Specifically, an epoxy resin and a melamine resin are soft. Thus there is a tendency to over grind and even when performing training using such a model tooth, the grinding may not be similar to that of a hard natural tooth.
Furthermore, a natural tooth is formed of an enamel texture and the dentin texture and an enamel texture and the dentin texture are harder than a resin, and thus the enamel texture, with which a crown portion of the dentin texture is coated, and the dentin texture have different hardnesses. As a result, in case of a transition during grinding from the enamel texture to the dentin texture, the dentin texture may be excessively ground and thus a tooth may not be satisfactorily produced.
That is, it is required that a grinding sensation varies similarly to a natural tooth in the transition part from the enamel portion to the dentin portion of a tooth for a dental arch model. Therefore as a matter of course, it is important that the enamel portion reproduces the grinding sensation of the enamel texture, while the dentin portion reproduces the grinding sensation of the dentin texture.
As a result of the need for a harder material, a composite type tooth is commercially available. However even in case of a composite type tooth, since the dentin portion and the enamel portion exhibit the same grinding sensation, the grinding sensation of the composite type tooth is different from that of a natural tooth. Therefore, even when performing formation trainings such as abutment tooth formation and cavity preparation, the grinding sensation and handling properties are different from those in case of dental works in the oral cavity in practice, and thus the training effect could not be obtained. To state the matter clearly, the grinding sensation includes slipperiness and is substantially different from a natural tooth.
Japanese Unexamined Utility Model Publication (Kokai) 1-90068 discloses that a the enamel texture layer is formed of glass/ceramics having a Vickers hardness controlled within a range from 350 to 450, comprising a phlogopite crystal [NaMg3(Si3AlO10)F2] and a lithia-alumina-silica-based crystal (Li2O.Al2O3.2SiO2, Li2O.Al2O3.4SiO2) precipitated simultaneously; a tooth root layer is prepared in advance by adding white, red and yellow colorants to a polyol (base resin), mixing with an isocyanate prepolymer (curing agent), injecting the mixture into a silicone rubber mother mold under vacuum conditions and curing the mixture at a normal temperature; and a dentin texture recognition layer, which exists between the enamel texture layer and the tooth root layer thereby bonding both layers, and is formed of an adhesive resin having an opaque color.
However, the tooth comprising an enamel texture layer formed of a phlogopite crystal or a lithia-alumina-silica-based crystal is not well adapted for use because it feels too hard when grinding as compared with a natural tooth, and also it is not well adapted for use because the dentin texture recognition layer is formed of an adhesive resin which feels too soft when grinding.
Furthermore, the dentin layer is formed of an adhesive layer is disclosed. It is described that an enamel layer portion and a tooth root layer portion are formed and bonded. It is recognized as the dentin layer formed of a thick adhesive layer.
Japanese Unexamined Patent Publication (Kokai) No. (hereinafter referred to briefly as “JP-A-”) 5-224591 discloses a tooth model which has a grinding sensation extremely similar to that of a natural tooth, and is suited for the training of practical dental grinding.
The tooth model comprises a crown portion whose surface has a Knoop hardness of at least 70 or more and a tooth root portion whose surface has a Knoop hardness of at least 10 to 40. The tooth model contains, as main components, an inorganic matter powder and a crosslinking resin in a weight ratio of 20%:80% to 70%:30%.
The above prior art discloses that “a tooth model may be formed of a raw material having any hardness, for example, metal, ceramics or a resin, or may be a cavity in view of the method for producing a tooth model and economic considerations”. However, this is not a tooth model which can exhibit a difference in the grinding sensation between the enamel portion and the dentin portion.
JP-A-5-216395 discloses a tooth model which has a grinding sensation extremely similar to that of a natural tooth and is suited for the training of practical dental grinding, and a method for producing the same. The tooth model contains, as main components, a hydroxyapatitte powder having a porosity of 40 to 80% and a (meth)acrylate ester-based resin in a weight ratio of 20%:80% to 50%:50%. However, this is not a tooth model which can exhibit a difference in the grinding sensation between the enamel portion and the dentin portion.
JP-A-5-241498, JP-A-5-241499 and JP-A-5-241500 describe an inorganic filler and hydroxyapatitte filler. However, in all tooth models disclosed in these publications, a resin is used as a base material and thus the problem of the grinding sensation is not solved. They are not tooth models which can exhibit a difference in grinding sensation between the enamel portion and the dentin portion.
JP-A-2004-94049 describes an invention which provides a model tooth for dental training, which enables an accurate shape measurement with laser beam.
The specification discloses that “known materials can be used as a material constituting a surface of a crown portion of the model tooth of the present invention and there can be used porcelain materials such as ceramics; thermoplastic resin materials such as acryl, polystyrene, polycarbonate, an acrylonitrile-styrene-butadiene copolymer (ABS), polypropylene, polyethylene, and polyester; thermosetting resin materials such as melamine, urea, unsaturated polyester, phenol, and epoxy; and materials obtained by adding various organic and inorganic reinforcing fibers (for example, glass fiber, carbon fiber, pulp, synthetic resin fiber, etc.), various fillers (for example, talc, silica, mica, calcium carbonate, barium sulfate, alumina, etc.), colorants (for example, pigment, dye, etc.) and various additives (for example, weathering agents, antistatic agents, etc.) to these main raw materials”. However, there is no description about preferable materials, and thus the problem of grinding sensation is not solved.
As a result of a study, the present inventors have found that it is necessary to use a sintered body of an inorganic material so as to exhibit the grinding sensation of a natural tooth. Because of the difficulty in controlling a hardness of an inorganic material, it is difficult to form an enamel portion and a dentin portion while controlling the hardness.
It is necessary to control a density and a particle shape of the sintered body and a sintering temperature so as to adjust the grinding sensation of the sintered body. The difference in a shrinkage rate and a thermal expansion coefficient between the enamel portion and the dentin portion upon sintering results in breaking, peeling and cracking. In addition, a gap may be formed between the dentin portion and the enamel portion. Thus, chipping may occur upon grinding and the gap gives a sensation different from the grinding sensation of a natural tooth. Thus the resultant tooth was not well adapted for use.
When a natural tooth is ground, a unique tough grinding sensation upon grinding of a living body is obtained. In particular, the dentin portion remarkably exhibits sensation of adhesion of an organic component contained in the dentinal tubule of the tooth to a bar, and sensation of inhibition of grinding.
Although various methods have been studied so as to obtain a tough grinding sensation peculiar to a natural tooth, a sufficient grinding sensation cannot be obtained using resin, composite or the like and such a sensation can not be obtained while pouring water on a conventional tooth for a dental arch model. A grinding sensation is required in which users feel a tough grinding sensation than that of an inorganic material even in case of the enamel texture because of a similar phenomenon.
However, neither a specific composition of a tooth model capable of realizing a grinding sensation of the enamel texture and the dentin texture of a natural tooth, nor a method for producing the same has been studied or reported.
A method of reproducing tooth pulp peculiar to a natural tooth has not been developed heretofore, and thus dental students could not experience exposure to tooth pulp. Dental pulp exposure (grinding down the tooth pulp portion) is the most important technique in a dental treatment. In case where tooth pulp exposure was carried out by mistake, the subsequent treatment method must be learned at the same time.
As a dental caries progresses in a natural tooth, the treatment position expands into the enamel layer, the dentin layer and the tooth pulp, and training for a root canal treatment such as a pulpectomy is most important. When a pulpectomy is carried out, since the tooth pulp is removed by a reamer and sensations of rubbing of the dentin wall surface with the reamer completely varies, training of root canal filling could not be carried out.
In a treatment of tooth pulp, a tooth designed for training of a root canal treatment is used, and also training of a root canal treatment (root canal cleaning, root canal extension, etc.) is carried out using a tooth with a small hole formed of a box-shaped acryl. However, sufficient training cannot be carried out since it is impossible to mount the tooth on a jaw and the hardness of the dentin texture varies.
It is required to develop a tooth for a dental arch model, which enables these experiences. In particular, dental students learn by hand the sensation of whether or not tooth pulp is completely removed upto the apical foramen during root canal cleaning, and thus it is difficult for beginners. Therefore, it is required to perform training using a tooth for a dental arch model in which tooth pulp in a natural tooth is reproduced.
Although removal of dental caries is an important procedure in a dental treatment, a carious dental portion is softer than a usual dentin portion and thus it is difficult to grind the carious dental portion. Therefore, it is necessary to perform training using a tooth for a dental arch model in which dental caries in a natural tooth are reproduced. It is also required to develop a method of confirming that a carious dental portion has been accurately removed.1. Field of the Invention
This invention relates to improvements in density check plates for checking the variation of the spectral characteristics of a densitometer.
2. Description of the Prior Art
Photographic color densitometers are generally provided with spectral filters for the three colors, red, green, and blue (hereinafter referred to as R, G, and B) of a color photosensitive material, or filters matched in visual density to measure the density of the three colors, R, G, and B, and the transmission density. The density value of te color photosensitive material to be measured greatly depends upon the characteristics of the spectral filters used in the photographic color densitometer. Accordingly, in the routine use of photographic densitometers, it is necessary to always check the density value so as to avoid a variation in the spectral characteristics of all optical systems in a device. This includes measuring the spectral filters.
For this reason, a density check plate employing six kinds (for high density and for low density of each color, R, G, and B; i.e., two kinds for each color), with each color, R, G, and B, of color plates which greatly vary in the value of the spectral density in the vicinity of the dominant wavelength of the three-colors, R, G, B spectral filter is generally used. The "Check Plaque" (product name) of the Eastman Kodak Co. is one example of such a density check plate.
The principle of the check plate as described above will be described with reference to FIG. 1. First, in the event a dye, for example, cyan, magenta, yellow recording on the photosensitive material, having a spectral density distribution D.sub..lambda. is measured with the use of a photographic color densitometer using a spectral filter having the spectral characteristic A.sub..lambda., a porton (hatched portion) in which both curves overlap is measured as a density value. However, if the characteristic A.sub..lambda. of the spectral filter should be changed into a characteristic as indicated at B.sub..lambda. due to a time variation (the time variation of the spectral filter is generally considered to be where the dominant wave-form is displaced and where more break-through occurs at the high density portion), the measured value greatly varies as may be seen clearly from the difference in the area of the hatched portion. The difference in the measured value becomes greater with the variation in the spectral characteristic of the dye in the vicinity of the dominant wavelength (435.8, 546.1, and 643.8 nm according to ASA Standards) of the three-color spectral filter increases. This makes it easy to check the variation in the spectral charcteristics of the spectral filter. Therefore, it is desirable to select a color plate having great variation in spectral characteristics to serve as a density check plate for the photographic color densitometer.
However, in a density check plate manufactured in a manner as described above, when the spectral characteristic of the spectral filter used in the photographic color densitometer varies, the density of the density check plate varies greatly due to the characteristic of the spectral filter, and as a result the same density check plate cannot be used.1. Field of the Invention
The invention relates to the field of quality control of finished painted surfaces and in particular to inspection and evaluation of the quality of a painted surface, such as a painted automobile surface.
2. Description of Prior Art
The purchasing decision made with respect to a private automobile is typically heavily influenced by the aesthetic appearance of the automobile. Among the factors that constitute the aesthetic appearance of an automobile is the finished quality of the painted surface. The colors, lusters and finishes that are popular depend in part on fashion, but a deep lustrous finish having a liquid or wet deep mirror-like appearance is generally thought attractive and desirable by the purchaser.
In the prior art, a panel of persons representing a random sample of purchasers views and subjectively evaluates the quality of the painted surface. The panel rates the quality of the paint finish based on several criteria as set forth in a questionnaire. Scores from the panel are then averaged to obtain an average evaluation of the quality of the painted surface. The prior process of using human panels for finish evaluation is extremely time consuming and expensive. At best, such evaluation can only be done periodically. There is also a statistical variation among the panels since truly random samples of human subjects cannot always be practically obtained.
Although the prior art has devised various types of apparatus by which various aspects of a painted surface can be measured, such as a distinctness of image (DOI) meter or a gloss meter, readings from neither one of these prior art apparatus correlates well with the subjective judgments of human panels evaluating the same painted surface.
Therefore, an apparatus and methodology is needed to replace the current paint finish evaluation technique, of periodically using a statistically random group of purchasers or potential purchasers to evaluate quality of the painted finish surface.Efforts to improve industrial plant efficiency have spawned interest in making industrial plants relatively quickly and easily convertible from one industrial process to another. Convertibility of industrial plants permits plant managers to stay abreast of and provide for the demands of the market. A crucial component of virtually every industrial plant is conveyor systems. Thus, the convertibility of conveyor systems is crucial to the convertibility of industrial plants. In the conveyor system art, convertibility relates to accommodating articles having various sizes, shapes, physical characteristics, and orientations from workstation to workstation.
Typically, conveyor systems are designed to be used in a particular way to convey a particular article. Some conveyor systems offer marginal levels of modularity or convertibility.
U.S. Pat. No. 3,605,994 to Parlette discloses a pair of frame elements combinable by a coupling member and screws to form a unit frame assembly.
U.S. Pat. No. 3,800,938 to Stone discloses elongated frame members including an inclined web for close spacing of a transfer disk.
U.S. Pat. No. 3,825,108 to Stone discloses side frame members having top and bottom flanges with different horizontal dimensions to support different size conveyor chains. The frame members each have two mounting channels or T-slots, and they may be combined with tubular spacers.
U.S. Pat. No. 4,358,010 to Besch discloses a conveyor track having an upwardly open longitudinal slot and a downwardly open T-slot to attach the track to a cross member.
U.S. Pat. No. 4,511,031 to Lachonius discloses a conveyor girder having, at one or both sides thereof, two longitudinal open ducts situated one inside the other and which both can be reached from the outside of the girder.
U.S. Pat. No. 4,593,808 to Kondo et al. discloses a multi-level rack-type conveyor comprising L-shaped members, each having a pair of rollers.
U.S. Pat. No. 4,727,981 to Johansson discloses a conveyor beam for guiding and supporting a flexible track on sliding ledges.The existing fleet of general aviation spark ignition piston engines, as well as new engines currently being delivered, and engines which are overhauled for use as replacements on existing aircraft, typically operate using leaded fuels, as allowed in the United States under an exemption provided by the 1990 Federal Clean Air Act Amendments. As that Act banned the use of leaded fuels for over-the-road vehicles in the Unites States, general aviation aircraft engines have become an increasingly visible source of atmospheric lead emissions. Environmental regulations and threatened regulations throughout the world have thus spurred investigations into the development and evaluation of possible alternative aviation fuels.
Most of the general aviation spark ignition piston engines in use today have been certified in the United States by the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) for use with leaded aviation gasoline blends that meet the American National Standard No. ASTM D910 entitled Standard Specification for Aviation Gasolines. Under that standard, for Grade 100 fuel, 1.12 grams of lead per liter are provided in the fuel blend. In the most commonly used fuel, Grade 100LL, known as a “low lead” fuel, 0.56 grams of lead per liter are provided in the fuel blend. Both of those blends provide a minimum “knock value” lean mixture octane number of 99.6 per the ASTM D-2700 Test Method. Also, both of those blends provide a minimum “knock value” rich mixture octane number of 130, per the ASTM D 909 Test Method.
Given the regulatory environment, both in the U.S. and internationally, that seeks to require the minimization or elimination of the use of lead in general aviation aircraft reciprocating piston engines, the US FAA has been instrumental in conducting tests on various heretofore proposed formulations for low lead or no lead aviation gasolines. Their reports are publicly available through the US National Technical Information Service (NTIS), Springfield, Va. 22161. Such studies include the following reports:                (1) DOT/FAA/AR-04/25, entitled Full-Scale Engine Knock Tests of 30 Unleaded, High-Octane Blends, by David Atwood and Julian Canizales, issued by the Office of Aviation Research, Washington, D.C., in September 2004;        (2) DOT/FAA/AR-TN07/5, entitled High-Octane and Mid-Octane Detonation Performance of Leaded and Unleaded Fuels in Naturally Aspirated, Piston Spark Ignition Aircraft Engines, by David Atwood, issued by the U.S. Department of Transportation, Federal Aviation Administration, in March 2007;        (3) DOT/FAA/AR-08/40, entitled Full-Scale Engine Detonation Tests of 47 Unleaded High Octane Blends, by David Atwood, issued by the Office of Aviation Research, Washington, D.C., in September 2008; and        (4) DOT/FAA/AR-08/53, entitled Full-Scale Detonation and Power Performance Evaluation of Swift Enterprises 702 Fuel, by David Atwood, issued by the Office of Aviation Research, Washington, D.C., in January 2009.        
The September 2004 FAA report describes how over 200 blends of potential future aviation unleaded fuels were considered. Thirty of those blends, ranging in Motor Octane Number (MON) from 96.2 to 105.6 were sufficiently promising to be blended into batches and knock-tested (as determined by ASTM D-2700 standard) in a Lycoming IO-540-K aircraft engine at the FAA William J. Hughes Technical Center in Atlantic City, N.J. Components of such blends included ranges of some (or of all) of various ingredients, including super alkylate, toluene, ethyl tertiary butyl ether, meta-toluidine, ethanol, and methylcyclopentiadienyl manganese tricarbonyl (MMT), which were blended into a base fuel of either aviation alkylate or motor alkylate. Importantly, the FAA researcher reported that the performance of many of the tested blends deviated from that suggested by either their MON or by their performance number (PN).
The March 2007 FAA report compared detonation performance of mid and high octane leaded and unleaded fuels. The fuels were compared at the onset of light detonation. The fuels were tested in a naturally aspirated Lycoming IO-540-K engine and in a naturally aspirated Lycoming IO-320-B engine. For testing, the motor octane number (MON) of fuels was determined by ASTM International (ASTM) specification D2700. The supercharge rich rating was determined by the ASTM D-909 standard. In general, the testing showed that the Grade 100LL fuel (with values minimally meeting the MON and Supercharge Rating of ASTM D910) significantly outperformed the matrix of tested unleaded fuels of equivalent MON, including even those with much higher ASTM Standard D-909 supercharge rich ratings, particularly as seen when operated on full scale aircraft engines rather than the laboratory test engines used to establish the ASTM Standard D-2700 MON and the D-909 rich rating performance number (PN). The March 2007 report indicates that the supercharge rich ratings do not appear to have the same significance for the matrix of unleaded fuels that were tested as they do for leaded hydrocarbon fuels. Based on the blends tested, the report clearly suggests that development of a better detonation performance unleaded aviation fuel would be desirable.
The September 2008 FAA report was a continuation of the research described in the September 2004 report. Based on the results of the 30 potential future aviation unleaded fuel blends earlier tested, another matrix of 47 unleaded fuel blends was developed and detonation tested in a Lycoming IO-540-K aircraft engine at the FAA William J. Hughes Technical Center in Atlantic City, N.J. Components of such blends included varying ranges of “high octane components” such as aviation alkylate, super alkylate, toluene, ethyl tertiary butyl ether (ETBE), meta-toluidine, tert-butylbenzene. The blends contained iso-pentane for volatility control. Comprehensive blend formulations, by both volume fractions and mass fractions of those fuel blends were reported in Tables 2, 3, 4, and 5 of that report. The blends with a target range of 97.6 to 106.3 MON were tested against a baseline leaded reference fuel that met all specifications of ASTM D910 for Grade 100LL fuel with minimum MON and minimum performance number (PN) per ASTM D-909. The blends were also tested against a 100LL aircraft fuel purchased at the local airport. Here, the FAA researcher reported that none of the unleaded blends of equivalent or lower MON performed as well as the Grade 100LL fuel in the detonation tests, particularly as seen when operated on full scale engines rather than the laboratory test engines used to establish the ASTM D-2700 MON and the ASTM D-909 rich rating performance number. It was also demonstrated that increased fuel flow of the unleaded blends was required above the fuel flow required for 100LL in order to achieve equivalent detonation performance. In short, the tested blends provided less detonation protection than leaded formulations of equivalent MON, and appeared to potentially be less efficient. Importantly, the researcher again reported that using only motor octane number (MON) based on ASTM D-2700 (for knock rating, lean mixture) to predict full scale engine performance of unleaded fuels, is inadequate.
The January 2009 report provides results of tests on a high octane, bio-fuel (fermentation based) composition identified as Swift 702 fuel, from Swift Enterprises of Indiana. Swift 702 fuel was separately reported by Swift Enterprises, Inc., assignee of U.S. Patent Application Publication No. 2008/0244961 A1, published on Oct. 9, 2008, as being eighty three percent (83%) by weight of mesitylene (also known as, and hereinafter identified by the chemical name 1,3,5 trimethylbenzene), and seventeen percent (17%) by weight of iso-pentane. The FAA similarly reported that the Swift 702 fuel consisted of two pure chemical compounds. The Swift 702 fuel was reported by the FAA to have a motor octane number (MON) of 104.4, as determined by ASTM D-2700. The Swift 702 fuel was detonation tested in a Lycoming IO-540-K aircraft engine used in the tests noted in the two reports above. Also, the Swift 702 fuel was tested in a turbocharged non-intercooled Lycoming TIO-540-J2BD aircraft engine. These two engines were reported by the FAA as having been previously determined as having the highest octane requirements of engines in the active general aviation fleet. The Swift 702 fuel provided slightly better detonation performance than Grade 100LL fuel that was purchased from the local airport aviation gasoline fixed base operator. However, it did not meet the 50%, 90%, and end distillation points of the then current ASTM D910 specification. And, the energy content was noted as being only ninety three point six percent (93.6%) of Grade 100LL on a mass basis. Such a reduction in energy content, in conjunction with the higher fuel density, will reduce the available payload of the aircraft for a given trip of a given range. In some cases, such a reduction will be unacceptable to the operator, and may require expensive re-certification of the aircraft. Thus, it would be desirable that any replacement aviation fuel more closely meet the presently existing ASTM minimum specifications with respect to energy content per unit mass of fuel, in order to minimize any potential loss of range or payload for an aircraft using such fuels. And, it would be desirable to provide a replacement aviation fuel that minimizes the quantity of 1,3,5 tri-methylbenzene that must be produced to provide sufficient unleaded fuel to the aviation marketplace, since such compound is not presently produced in commodity quantities for fuel blending, and may be more expensive, even in large scale production, than other possible unleaded aviation gasoline components.
In other work, U.S. Pat. No. 5,470,358, entitled Unleaded Aviation Gasoline, was issued Nov. 28, 1995 to Gaughan, and assigned to Exxon Research & Engineering Co.; the disclosure of that patent is incorporated herein in its entirety by this reference. The Gaughan patent discloses an unleaded aviation fuel that combines (a) an aviation gasoline base fuel having a motor octane number (MON) of 90-93, with (b) an amount of at least one aromatic amine as that is effective to boost the motor octane number (MON) of the base fuel to at least about 98. However, many high performance aircraft engines require better performing fuels, i.e. fuels that at least have the ability to run at all significant operating conditions in a manner substantially equivalent to that presently provided by at least a fuel that meets the minimum ASTM D910 specification for Grade 100LL, if not more. An unleaded fuel blend that only provides performance equivalent to that of a 98 MON avgas on a full scale engine will likely fail at times to meet necessary engine performance requirements. Thus, it would be desirable that a fuel provide performance that meets or exceeds the minimum ASTM D910 specifications for Grade 100LL fuel. It would be even more desirable to provide a fuel that meets or exceeds in full scale aircraft engine testing the performance of an FBO Grade 100LL fuel having a selected MON. As discussed elsewhere herein, it is common for FBO Grade 100LL fuels to have a selected MON well in excess of the minimum ASTM D910 specifications for Grade 100LL fuel.
U.S. Pat. No. 6,258,134 B1, entitled High Octane Unleaded Aviation Gasolines, issued Jul. 10, 2001 to Studzinski et al., and assigned to Texaco, Inc., discloses an unleaded aviation fuel of at least 94 motor octane number (MON). The disclosure of U.S. Pat. No. 6,258,134 B1 is incorporated herein in its entirety by this reference. In an embodiment, that disclosure provides an unleaded aviation fuel having a motor octane number (MON) of at least 94, made up of the combination of (1) an unleaded alkylate base fuel having a boiling point range that is substantially wider than the range of boiling points in aviation base fuel, and having a motor octane number (MON) of at least 91, (2) an alkyl tertiary butyl ether, and (3) an aromatic amine. Yet, high performance aircraft engines require better performing fuels. Further, it would be desirable to provide an unleaded aviation fuel that avoids the use of oxygenated components, such as alcohols or ethers, especially since use of the latter class of compounds has been eliminated by governmental regulation in many countries.
In Europe, Hjelmco Oil AB of Sweden has been selling unleaded avgas of various blends, including a 91/96 motor octane number (MON) unleaded blend that may be used in 91/96 and in 80/97 octane engines. See http://www.hjelmco.com. The 91/96 UL MON blend was first produced in Finland and introduced in 1991, and is now produced in Sweden. Hjelmco now reports on the above noted website that it is considering a Bio-alkylate derived avgas in a possible replacement for existing Grade 100LL avgas. However, in so far as I am aware, they do not yet offer a product that is capable of providing adequate detonation performance in 100/130 octane aviation engines, in spite of their many years of experience in blending and providing unleaded aviation fuels.
Finally, U.S. Pat. No. 6,767,372 B2, entitled Aviation Gasoline Containing Reduced Amounts of Tetraethyl Lead, issued Jul. 27, 2004 to Barnes et al, and assigned to Chevron U.S.A. Inc., discloses an unleaded aviation fuel of at least 94 motor octane number (MON). The disclosure of U.S. Pat. No. 6,767,372 B2 is incorporated herein in its entirety by this reference. In an embodiment, that disclosure provides an unleaded aviation fuel having, measured by volume, (a) about twenty percent (20%) to about eighty percent (80%) of iso-octane, (b) about five percent (5%) to about eighteen percent (18%) of toluene, (c) about one percent (1%) to about twenty percent (20%) of C4 to C5 paraffins, (d) greater than zero (0) to about one (1) ml of tetraethyl lead per gallon of the aviation gasoline composition, and (e) the balance of the composition being light alkylate produced in an alkylation unit using hydrogen fluoride or H2SO4 as a catalyst. In an embodiment, that aviation gasoline is described as being substantially free of ether compounds, such as methyl tertiary butyl ether (MTBE) or ethyl tertiary butyl ether (ETBE) or the like. However, the Barnes et al patent does not describe whether or not there is any possibility within the otherwise described ingredients to completely eliminate the use of tetraethyl lead. And, although it teaches reduced lead compositions in an aviation fuel, it does not provide specific suggestions as to possible formulations using the components described therein that might tend to further minimize or eliminate the use of tetraethyl lead in order to meet or exceed performance standards for presently existing for Grade 100LL aviation fuel.
Thus, in spite of the extensive testing and evaluation by the FAA and by others of various candidate unleaded aviation fuel blends, and other work as noted in the above described patent literature, there still remains an as yet unmet need for an unleaded aviation gasoline blend that can be readily used in the existing general aviation piston engine aircraft fleet as a “drop in substitute”. Such an unleaded aviation gasoline, particularly a fuel blend that is essentially transparent in functionality to the aircraft engine during various flight operations as compared with existing Grade 100LL fuels, and which could be mixed in the aircraft fuel tank in a random manner with existing Grade 100LL fuel formulations, would assist in the reduction or phase out of existing lead containing aviation gasolines. That is because rather than requiring a simultaneous wholesale and widespread switch in unleaded aviation gasoline availability, if such a new unleaded aviation gasoline becomes available, then existing fuel systems could accommodate and provide a new unleaded aviation gasoline as it becomes locally available from suppliers. And, aircraft crews would not need to be concerned with whether previously existing 100LL fuel or a new unleaded aviation gasoline blend were available at any particular airfield. Further, it would be advantageous if a new unleaded aviation gasoline were available that could be utilized with little or no mechanical alterations or replacements of existing aircraft engines or aircraft system adjustments, and which could be used with little or no additional certification or other regulatory changes from the aircraft owner or operator standpoint. And, such an unleaded aviation gasoline would be of benefit to aircraft engine manufacturers and to aircraft manufacturing companies, as a fuel having such characteristics should enable them to avoid the need for extensive redesigns of equipment, testing, and recertification that might be required if an unleaded aviation fuel with less desirable performance characteristics were selected for widespread use. It would also be especially advantageous if in an embodiment, such a new unleaded aviation gasoline, rather than having substantially less than existing energy content for use by the aircraft, would provide as much or more energy per unit volume of fuel tank capacity, i.e. British Thermal Units (BTU's) per gallon, as existing Grade 100LL fuels. In such a manner, it would be particularly advantageous if a new unleaded aviation gasoline could be used to take full advantage of the existing mechanical design components with respect to mass flow of air into the engine, and materials of construction utilized in the fuel system, and be capable of operating without knock or detonation at rich and lean air fuel ratio conditions, with existing compression ratios, with full rated power output, in a stable and highly efficient manner in all flight operating conditions, including high power cruise conditions with lean air-fuel mixtures.
Moreover, it would be advantageous to provide a new unleaded aviation gasoline that may be produced and distributed as a substitute for, and in the same manner as, existing petroleum feedstock aircraft fuels, using existing refinery production systems and fuel distribution systems. It would be even more useful if such a replacement aircraft fuel were provided that meets the ASTM D910 specification for detonation margins and further, either meets the remaining ASTM D910 Table 1 requirements or which only exhibits deviations from those requirements of a nature and to an extent that are not operationally significant to the pilot and the aircraft while completely eliminating the use of lead additives.
It would also be advantageous to accomplish such goals while providing an unleaded aviation gasoline suitable for “drop-in” substitution, fully fungible with existing Grade 100LL aviation gasoline, in order to minimize the extent, complexity, and cost of any recertification efforts of the high performance, high-octane fuel powered engines found in existing general aviation aircraft. As used herein, the term “drop-in” substitution is directed to a fuel that meets aircraft engine performance requirements from an operational standpoint, and can be used transparently, from the operational standpoint (including fueling of and holding in the fuel tank, holding and processing in the fuel systems of an aircraft during storage and during operation, and consumed by combustion during operation of the aircraft engine, and producing environmentally acceptable products of combustion). As such, a “drop-in” fuel as described herein may or may not meet all of the current ASTM D910 specifications requirements (or a future/then current later generation similar fuel specification), except for the absence of lead. Unofficially, in some aviation fuels industry circles, such usage—i.e. meeting performance requirements but not strictly meeting ASTM or other specifications—might otherwise be known as having the capability of a “quasi-drop-in” fuel—i.e. a fuel that meets performance requirements but does not strictly meet all of the applicable ASTM D910 specifications. In any event, it would be very helpful to the general aviation piston engine user community to have available a fuel which could be placed in the aircraft tanks and used without regard to changes in mechanical components or aircraft performance, and which will therefore minimize or eliminate regulatory paperwork. It would be even more helpful, and quite advantageous, for a new unleaded aviation gasoline to be made available that meets such objectives, and that also can be used without alterations to the aircraft or engines and without substantive changes in existing operational manuals, other than to add to the limitations section of such operational manuals the approval of the use of a new grade or description of fuel which is approved and related instructions to the pilot for how the new unleaded aviation gasoline is to be used.A hybrid vehicle comprises an internal combustion engine, which transmits power to the driving wheels by means of a transmission provided with a gearbox, and at least one electric machine which is electrically connected to an electric storage system and mechanically connected to the driving wheels.
The following is possible while traveling: either a thermal working mode, in which the torque is generated only by the combustion engine and the electric machine possibly acts as a generator for recharging the electric storage system; or an electric working mode, in which the internal combustion engine is off and the torque is generated only by the electric machine working as a motor; or by a combined working mode, in which the torque is generated both by the combustion engine and by the electric machine working as a motor. Furthermore, in order to increase the overall energy efficiency during all deceleration steps, the electric machine may be used as a generator for carrying out a regenerative deceleration in which the kinetic energy possessed by the vehicle is partially converted into electric energy, which is stored in the electric storage system, instead of being fully dissipated in frictions.
The arrangement of the electric machine within the vehicle and thus the mechanical connection of the electric machine to the driving wheels may be very complex in an existing vehicle, as in an existing vehicle which was not specifically designed for hybrid traction, finding the space required for accommodating the electric machine is generally very difficult. Therefore, modifying an existing vehicle to make the vehicle itself hybrid is often impossible; such a limitation is particularly serious, because it does not allow to produce a hybrid vehicle from an existing vehicle of conventional type, but requires a completely new design of the hybrid vehicle. Therefore, the design and development costs of a hybrid vehicle are often very high, thus making the hybrid vehicle marketing not so profitable.
US2005139035A1, US2002033059A1, US2008142283A1, DE102005004207A1 and DE102006059664A1, which are incorporated herein by reference in their entireties, describe a double clutch transmission for a hybrid vehicle, wherein one of the two primary shafts of the double clutch transmission is angularly integral with the rotor of a reversible electric machine.
EP1097831A2, which is incorporated herein in its entirety, describes a road vehicle with hybrid propulsion including: a couple of driving wheels; a thermal internal combustion engine; a gearbox provided with a primary shaft, a first clutch interposed between the thermal internal combustion engine and the primary shaft, a secondary shaft constantly meshing with the driving wheels, and a plurality of couples of gears, each of which defines a respective speed and comprises a primary gear mounted to a primary shaft and a secondary gear which is mounted to the secondary shaft and constantly meshes with the primary gear; a reversible electric machine having a shaft, which is connected to the primary shaft of the gearbox; and an auxiliary mechanism provided with a rotatably mounted shaft which takes the movement from the primary shaft.1. Field of Invention
The present invention relates to an Identification (ID) configuration method and particularly to a method of ID configuration for advanced programmable interrupt controller (APIC) in a multiprocessor computer system.
2. Related Art
As the coming of the information era, the computer system has become one of the essential instruments of people's life. In order to improve the processing efficiency of the computer system, a symmetrical multiprocessor (SMP) system has been developed in the recent years. When the computer system processes a task, the speed of performing the processing task by two processors in parallel is much faster than that by one single processor, similarly, when the processing task is performed by four processors in parallel, its speed is faster than that by two processors. And even when one processor among them is failed, other processors can take over its task to maintain the stability of the computer system. In view of the above advantages, the multiprocessor architecture is adopted by most of the large workstations or server systems
For the system level, the multiprocessor system needs two advanced programmable interrupt controllers (APICs) to process the interrupt request (IRQ), in which one is a local APIC located in the central processor units (CPU), the other is an input/output APIC (I/O APIC) belonging to the I/O system, and the two may be connected to each other through an dedicated APIC bus. The local APIC is in charge of processing the local interrupts for the local processors, and may also accept and produce the interrupt request between the processors through the AIPC bus; and the I/O APIC uses a redirection table to redirect an interrupt request sending from one local APIC to another local APIC through the APIC bus.
However, the I/O APIC may also cause the system malfunction, and one of the causes is the ID assignment problem when there are a large number of processors.
When the computer system is powered on, the IDs stored in the register of each APIC will be set by a basic input output system (BIOS), and the APIC ID needs to be read from the MP configuration table to provide the information required by the operation to the operating system. The MP configuration table stored in the BIOS has its specific format convection, such as the MP configuration table following the Intel MP1.4 specification, i.e. using a specific multiprocessor and architecture.
Previously, in the BIOS, the parameter of the CPU's local APIC in the MP configuration table was set first, and its ID is set from 0, while the I/O APIC ID is arranged behind the last CPU's local APIC ID.
For example, when there are 8 dual-core CPUs in the computer system, IDs need to be assigned to 16 (8*2) local APICs, and IDs 0˜15 are occupied by each local APIC sequentially, therefore, the I/O APIC IDs should be arranged from 16, and stored in the register of the I/O APIC chipset. But generally, I/O APIC only support the register with limited bits, e.g. the registers of two I/O APICs in the AMD 8131 bridge chip only support 4 bits respectively, that is, it is only possible to be set to 15 (0˜15) at most. When the ID 16 is to be written into the first I/O APIC register, it will be written as 0000 (binary), the same with the first CPU's local APIC ID, as the entire 10000 (16 in the binary) can not be written into, and in that way, a conflict comes into being.
Therefore, how to provide an APIC ID configuration method becomes one of the problems to be solved by the researchers.U.S. Pat. No. 4,337,201 (Petrillo, Jr. et. al.) describes certain esters of phosphinylalkanoyl prolines or phosphinylalkanoyl substituted prolines as inhibitors of angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE). These enzymes convert angiotensin I into angiotensin II, the latter being a powerful vasoconstrictor causing hypertension. Inhibition of ACE results in reduction of blood pressure, thereby improving the quality of life of the patient susceptible to or suffering from hypertension.
Among the phosphinylalkanoyl esters described in U.S. Pat. No. 4,337,201 is the compound generically known as fosinopril sodium, marketed under the brand name Monopril®. Fosinopril sodium is administrated orally either alone or in combination with diuretics for treatment of hypertension. It is also used as an adjunct in the treatment of congestive heart failure.
Fosinopril is an optically active compound having total four centres of asymmetry, three on carbon and one on phosphorous atom. Out of the sixteen isomers possible for this compound, only one of the isomers is a therapeutic i.e. a pharmaceutical. The desired isomer possessing therapeutic value is [1[S*(R*)], 2α,4β]-4-cyclohexyl-1-[[[2-methyl-1-(1-oxopropoxy)propoxy](4-phenylbutyl)phosphinyl]acetyl]-L-proline, mono-sodium salt and accordingly fosinopril sodium is represented by formula (I).

The prior art methods for synthesis of fosinopril, essentially consists of the following:    (i) Petrillo, Jr. et. al. in U.S. Pat. No. 4,337,201 discloses a process for preparation of phosphinyl alkanoyl proline esters of general formula (3) comprising of reacting a phosphinyl acetic acid of formula (1) with a proline derivative of formula (2), the coupling reaction being accomplished using known amide forming procedures.

Alternatively, compound of formula (3) is prepared by alkylation of the hydroxy compound of formula (4) with a halo compound of formula (5), followed by basic hydrolysis.

In compounds of formula (1) to (5) mentioned hereinbefore synthesis of fosinopril is achieved and completed when R1 is phenylbutyl; R2 is isobutylpropionate; R3 is hydrogen; R4a is alkyl or arylalkyl, preferably benzyl; R4 is hydrogen; R5 is 4-cyclohexyl proline, n is zero and X is halogen.
However, this patent does not:    (a) even remotely suggest any method for synthesising to specifically obtain the desired isomer of fosinopril sodium (I), thus making it clear that the product obtained by the methods described in the patent is a mixture of either all possible sixteen isomers or is a mixture of some of the possible isomers,    (b) suggest, teach or disclose any method for separating the desired isomer of fosinopril from the mixture of isomers and    (c) suggest, teach or disclose any synthesis of esters of phosphinyl alkanoyl prolines with the cycloalkyl group at the 4-position of the proline ring having a (trans) configuration. All examples described in the patent relate to synthesis of such esters with the said cycloalkyl group having a (cis) configuration. The (trans) configuration of the cyclohexyl ring is required in fosinopril sodium.    (ii) Petrillo, Jr. et. al. in U.S. Pat. No. 4,873,356 describe a method for synthesis of the desired isomer of fosinopril sodium (I), which is an improvement over the general method described in U.S. Pat. No. 4,337,201.It addresses the shortcomings associated with the said U.S. Pat. No. 4,337,201.
The method disclosed in this patent comprises of alkylating a phosphinyl acetic acid derivative of formula (6) with a haloester of formula (7) in the presence of an organic base selected from triethylamine, pyridine, tripropylamine and DBU to give the corresponding ester of formula (8) as a mixture of two diastereomers. The carboxylic acid ester protective group is removed by hydrogenolysis to give the phosphinyl acetic acid compound of formula (9), which is obtained as mixture of a pair of racemic forms i.e. a mixture of two diastereomers, namely a mixture of compounds of formula (9 A) and its mirror image (9 B); (9 C) and its mirror image (9 D).
The racemic mixture of compounds (9 A) and its mirror image (9 B) is separated from the other pair (9 C) and its mirror image (9 D) by recrystallisation from suitable solvents such as isobutyl acetate or methyl isobutyl ketone, which is further resolved by treatment with optically active amines such as L-cinchonidine or other conventional resolving agents to give the resolved salt of enantiomer (9 B). Treatment with a strong acid gives the pure phosphinyl acetic acid isomer (9 B), the desired addendum for further elaboration to fosinopril sodium.
Thus, the pure single isomer (9 B) when reacted with trans)-4-cyclohexyl-L-proline gives fosinopril, which is converted to the sodium salt of formula (I) by conventional methods.
The chemistry practised in U.S. Pat. No. 4,873,356 is schematically summarised in Scheme-1.

U.S. Pat. No. 4,873,356 further claims that compound (8) including all stereomers thereof, compound (9), including all stereomers thereof i.e. compound (9 A) and its mirror image (9 B); compound (9 C) and its mirror image (9 D) and the intermediate salt of compound (9 B) with the resolving agent are all novel compounds.
This further substantiates the earlier observation that separation of such racemic mixtures or diastereomeric mixtures formed in the reaction was never meant to be a part of the spirit and scope of the process(es) disclosed in U.S. Pat. No. 4,337,201.    (i) U.S. Pat. No. 5,008,399 (Sedergran et. al.) describes a process which is an improvement over that disclosed in U.S. Pat. No. 4,873,356. The improvement effected comprises carrying out the reaction of compound (6) and compound (7) in the presence of organic bases such as 4-methylmorpholine, diazabicyclooctane, quinuclidine, 1-methylpyrolidine or cinchonidine to give compound (8) as a mixture of four isomers, which on hydrogenolysis gives compound (9) as a mixture of two diastereomeric pairs i.e. a mixture of compounds (9 A) and its mirror image (9 B); (9 C) and its mirror image (9 D). The diastereomeric pair is separated and resolved as described in U.S. Pat. No. 4,873,356 to give the pure isomer (9 B).
U.S. Pat. No. 5,008,399 claims that by utilising the organic bases mentioned therein an increase in diastereoselectivity is achieved affording the racemic mixture of compounds (9 A) and its mirror image (9 B) in a ratio of 1.5 over the other racemic mixture i.e. (9 C) and its mirror image (9 D). This is an improvement over a ratio of 1.2 achieved by employing a base such as triethylamine as disclosed in U.S. Pat. No. 4,873,356. An overall increase in efficiency of preparing fosinopril sodium (I) is thus achieved.
The processes described in U.S. Pat. Nos. 4,873,356 and 5,008,399, while leading to the synthesis of fosinopril sodium having the desired optical purity, are associated with the following disadvantages. In particular, the processes of this patent:                involves separation of isomers that are mirror images of each other i.e. enantiomers or a racemic mixture (9 A) and its mirror image (9 B) from (9 C) and its mirror image (9 D)        requires optical resolution for further separation of the enantiomers (9 A).        requires optical resolution for further separation of the enantiomers (9 A) and its mirror image (9 B),        involves considerable wastage of the desired isomer (9 B) and utilisation of expensive resolving agents (one to two molar equivalents) and organic bases (about two molar equivalents), in the separation of enantiomers followed by optical resolution thereby resulting in an overall decrease in efficiency and increase in the cost of manufacture of the end product i.e. fosinopril sodium and        do not teach or disclose any method for recycling of the unwanted isomers (9 A), (9 C) and (9 D) back to the desired isomer (9 B).            (i) Besides the aforementioned process patents, various methods are reported for preparation of key intermediates required for synthesis of fosinopril. For instance, U.S. Pat. No. 4,168,267 (Petrillo, Jr., et. al.), U.S. Pat. No. 4,384,123 (Petrillo. Jr., et. al.), U.S. Pat. No. 4,448,772 (Karanewsky et. al.), U.S. Pat. No. 4,594,199 (Thottathil et. al.) and U.S. Pat. No. 4,602,092 (Thottathil et. al.) disclose processes for synthesis of the phosphinyl acetic acid fragment of fosinopril. U.S. Pat. No. 4,316,905 (Krapcho et. al.), U.S. Pat. No. 4,501,901 (Thottathil et. al.), U.S. Pat. No. 4,588,819 (Thottathil et. al.), U.S. Pat. No. 4,734,508 (Thottathil et. al.), U.S. Pat. No. 4,912,230 (Anderson et. al.), U.S. Pat. No. 4,912,231 (Kronenthal et. al.) and U.S. Pat. No. 4,937,355 (Kloss et. al.) describe processes for synthesis of the optically active (cis/trans)-4-cyclohexyl-L-proline fragment.    (ii) In addition, it is known that the sodium salt of fosinopril can exist in two polymorphic forms, designated as Form-A and Form-B. The polymorphic forms differ in their respective solid state IR, 13C NMR and 31P NMR spectra as well as X-ray (powder) diffraction patterns. Of the two forms, Form-A, which is the therapeutic is believed to be thermodynamically more stable. No other polymorphic form for fosninopril sodium has been reported so far.    (iii) U.S. Pat. No. 5,162,543 (Grosso et. al.) discloses a selective process for preparation of any one of the two polymorphs of fosinopril sodium as well as a process for inter conversion of one form into the other. Polymorphic Form-A is obtained by crystallisation of fosinopril sodium in a keto or hydroxylic solvent or a mixture thereof in presence of water, the requirement being water should constitute ≧2% or more of the total solvent(s). When the crystallisation is carried out in a keto or hydroxylic solvent or a mixture thereof, wherein the water content is ≦0.2% Form-B is obtained. Rapid evaporation of a methanolic solution of Form-A containing ≦0.2% of water converts it to the other form i.e. Form-B.    (iv) The inference one draws from the methods described in U.S. Pat. No. 5,162,543 is that the formation of the respective polymorphs is not only dependent on the solvent employed but also on the amount of water present in the solvents(s).
H. G. Brittain et. al. [Journal of Pharmaceutical & Biomedical Analysis, 1993, Vol 11 (No. 11/12), pp 1063–1069] describe methods for preparation of the two polymorphic forms. For instance, Form-A is obtained by crystallisation of fosinopril sodium from various organic solvents such as acetone, acetonitrile, alcohols and the like containing water. The authors claim that formation of this polymorphic form is independent of the solvent used as long as the crystallisation is slow. There is no mention on the amount of water that is necessary for formation of this form.
Form-B, on the other hand, is obtained by rapid/flash evaporation of the solvent from a solution of fosinopril sodium in that solvent.
There are no reports available on the existence of polymorphic forms for other salts of fosinopril, such as alkali metal salts with lithium, potassium, rubidium and cesium or alkaline earth metal salts with beryllium, magnesium, calcium, strontium and barium or salts of fosinopril with heavy metals.
Thus, to summarise the prior art:    a) the general methods described in U.S. Pat. No. 4,337,201 lead to a mixture of all possible sixteen isomers or mixture of some of the possible isomers of fosinopril. No method for separation and isolation of the pure desired isomer is mentioned,    b) the specific methods disclosed in U.S. Pat. Nos. 4,873,356 and 5,008,399, lead to formation of only four isomers of fosinopril. However, enantiomers, which are mirror images of each other are separated from the mixture,    c) separation of the pure desired isomer from the racemic mixture calls for optical resolution,    d) optical resolution leads to considerable wastage of the desired isomer leading to low efficiency and increase in cost of manufacture,    e) no method is described for recycling of the unwanted isomers back to the desired one, and    f) formation of polymorphic Form-A of fosinopril sodium is dependent on the solvent(s) employed and the amount of water present in the solvent(s).
A need, therefore, exists for a method for the synthesis of fosinopril sodium, which in addition to eliminating/minimising the disadvantages, specially optical resolution associated with the prior art methods, provides a cost-effective and convenient method for synthesis of the objective compound.This specification relates to backup power sources.
Data center facilities are often used by providers to deliver Internet services to users. A data center, such as a server farm, typically contains thousands of server processing devices. Within the data centers the processing devices are arranged in racks, and each rack may contain dozens of servers. Assuming the power required for a single rack may be in the order of 50 kW, and that there may be hundreds of racks in a data center, it is not uncommon for a data center to have a power requirement on the order of megawatts.
Data center facilities range in critical levels according to the cost of down time to a business that utilizes the particular data center, the cost of ownership for the data center, and other factors. Typically, a data center facility includes redundant power systems to provide power to the server in the event of a power anomaly (e.g., blackout from utility provider, unstable utility power, etc.). Data center facilities utilize in-rack batteries and diesel generators to provide back-up power during a power anomaly. In-rack batteries are sized as small as possible to cover short-durations and minimize cost and size of the battery. The diesel generators are designed to provide power for longer—duration power anomalies. The determination of which source provides power during the power anomaly is dependent upon the duration of the power anomaly.